Rivers Interviews Transcribed


Instructions for transcripts (per Rivers):
* separate each conversation with an extra space.
* Use proper punctuation, including commas and quotation marks.
* no speaker names
* Put each quote on a separate line.
* Use double quotation marks at the beginning and end of each line, but don’t use double
* quotation marks anywhere else.
* Use single quotation marks inside a line to indicate a speaker is quoting someone.
* Put an open bracket on the first line [
* Put a close bracket on the last line ]
* Brackets within an article are fine to leave as is.
* Thank you.


Example:
[
"how are you?",
"i am good.",
"that is good to hear.",
"thank you",
"you are welcome."
]
Just like that. Nothing else.


To avoid duplication, please identify the article by (either a link to the interview or publication +
title) you’re transcribing here—don’t list it with the transcription itself: Note an interview as
complete by adding "FIXED" to it (see list of interviews for examples).


List of Interviews
2020 July Q Magazine "At Home With Everyone" - FIXED
2020 June Guitar Player Magazine "Unchained" - FIXED
2019 March 1 Rivers Cuomo on his data-driven approach, Billboard - FIXED
2019 Rolling Stone India - FIXED
2017 November Vulture Lifehacks
https://www.vulture.com/2017/11/weezer-rivers-cuomo-interview-lifehacks-pacific-daydream.htm - FIXED
2017 May-June The Improper Bostonian, "Notes from the Weezer Frontman"
2010 September 16 Rolling Stone, Rivers Cuomo Q&A
2010 (Aug/Sept?) Rolling Stone, Rock Star Weekend Promotion special feature
2010 August 10 SPIN SPOTLIGHT Q&A: Rivers Cuomo of Weezer
2006 June Alt Rocker Finds Inner Peace
https://www.beliefnet.com/entertainment/music/2006/06/alt-rocker-finds-inner-peace.aspx.
2006 May 6 AIM Conversation with ‘boo AIM hates me,’ - FIXED
2006 April 28 Harvard Crimson: Rivers’ End, the Directors Cut - FIXED
2006 February Rivers answers questions from Blender readers - FIXED
2005 November 1 Guitar.com (Rivers speaks first) - FIXED
2005 June 9 LA Weekly - FIXED
2002 May, 1 CDNOW Interview - FIXED
2002 April 9 EW.com interview
2002 Jan 11 Kyle and Jason from Weezon.com interview Rivers (Rivers speaks first) - FIXED
2002 January 10 Jason and Ridd from Weezon.com interview Rivers - FIXED
2001 December Kyle from Weezon.com interviews Rivers - FIXED
2001 (sometime) Mean Magazine Interview - FIXED
2001 (early) CDNOW interview - FIXED
1996 ABC Recovery interview with Rivers Cuomo https://www.weezerpedia.com/wiki/ABC_Recovery_interview_with_Rivers_Cuomo_-_1996




First interview starts here.
[
“That Weezer sketch was SNL’s most talked-about moment in months. What did you make of it?”
“They really nailed it, right? I still can’t believe it. It can’t be that big of an audience that would appreciate
such a specific little niche as the Weezer fandom.”
“At one point in the scene, Leslie Jones says, ‘Weezer died when Matt Sharp left.’ Then Matt Damon
retorts, ‘Weezer didn’t start until Scott Shriner got there.’ Care to comment?”
“It’s so deep, man! Who even knows what they’re talking about? I’m totally honored, but I hope people
weren’t changing the channel.”
“The sketch did capture something about the intense loyalty that some fans have to specific parts of your
band’s history. Why do you think that is?”
“I wish I knew. It’s almost worthy of an academic study to figure out what’s going on in the psyche of
these few hundred thousand people. I feel like it must come back to something in the four of us, or
something in me — some character flaw or some quirk of my personality.”
“Maybe it’s just that Weezer appeals to nerds — like the arguments about which Star Trek series is best.”
“In our case, we’re real people, not fictional characters, so there’s nothing to argue about. But I like that. I
would add that nerds also like to catalog and collect things and notice the tiny differences from one
product to the next. It makes sense, because I’m a nerd.”
“Your cover of ‘Africa’ became Weezer’s biggest hit ever on alternative radio. Did that surprise you?”
“Yes! We didn’t send it to any radio stations as a single. We had another song that we were planning on
coming out two weeks later. But ‘Africa’ exploded on its own, and we had to stand on the sidelines with
everyone else and watch as it won the game.”
“The idea to cover that song started as a joke that a fan tweeted. Are you going to try for any more
meme-based hits?”
“I mean, I just don’t think there’s another ‘Africa’ out there. It’s a one of a kind phenomenon. But we’ll
definitely be listening to random teenage girl fans in Ohio on Twitter from now on, I’ll tell you that.”
“If you win Best Rock Album this year, it will be only the second time Weezer have taken home a
Grammy, after Best Music Video in 2009. Did it bother you that you got no love from the Recording
Academy back in the Nineties?”
“I don’t think I even knew what the Grammys were. Grammys, Oscars, Tonys — I had no idea what was
what, and we were so critically reviled that it never occurred to us that we would win anything.”
“You’re up against Greta Van Fleet, Fall Out Boy, Alice in Chains and Ghost this year. Do you like any of
those bands?”
“Greta Van Fleet has a song that’s incredible — so incredible that I thought it was a cover song. So I
looked it up on Wikipedia and was surprised to learn that it’s actually theirs. They’re such a bullseye for
the category, too. They stand for rock & roll, and Weezer from day one has always been an awkward fit
for the rock category, as much as we love it.”
“Speaking of critical backlash, Greta Van Fleet have run into some of their own. Do you identify with
them?”
“I’m guessing they get criticized for being extremely derivative, and we didn’t get that one. Although
someone did call us Stone Temple Pixies. I remember that from a local paper on our first tour. That really
hurt.”
“What else have you enjoyed listening to lately?”
“I made a Spotify playlist that updates automatically every day based on an algorithm that I wrote. That’s
what I listen to all the time. I really like the 1975 — it reminds me of the Eighties.”
“Did you say you wrote an algorithm?”
“I enrolled in Harvard’s Intro to Computer Science online course about three years ago. It’s pretty much
taken over my life. I’ve written all kinds of programs to help me with creativity, and also to help optimize
the bus routing on the next tour.”
“What’s it been like working with producer Dave Sitek, of TV on the Radio, on Weezer’s new album?”
“It’s so cool. Dave is close to our age, but he’s from the completely other side of the alternative Nineties.
His point of reference is more Beck and the Beastie Boys, which is so different from where I was coming
from with the Nirvana and Smashing Pumpkins side of altrock.
I’m stoked.”
]


REJECT:
["This is your third album in three years. Will you keep up that pace?",
"I'm actually working two albums ahead. This morning, I finished Album Nine, then we started Album 10.
On Hurley (Album Eight), we gravitated toward stuff that was a little dark and twisted, with lyrics that
have to do with the passage of time. I was playing new songs for Album 10, and our producer said, ‘This
is totally different- this sounds very youthful, like you're 16 and you're going to 7-Eleven to get a Slurpee.’
",
"Have you ever worked so far in advance?",
"No, I don't think so. We're cheating a little bit, because Album Nine is really a collection of songs that
didn't make it onto any of our seven Geffen records, so I spent two weeks in the studio adding bridges or
rewriting a verse here or there. It's a totally unique record, it has stuff going all the way back to the Blue
Album. It's stuff that was either too poppy, too heavy-metal or too weird to make it onto any of our
records. It's called Death to False Metal. You worked with Ryan Adams, Linda Perry and No Doubt's
Tony Kanal on Hurley.",
"Why have you started using co-writers?’,
"I've pretty much been banned from talking about co-writers. If I talk about it at all, it becomes the story,
and that's not a helpful story.",
"That makes it hard to talk about how the songs came together.",
"I agree!",
"How did Michael Cera come to play and sing on ‘Hang On’?",
"I saw him on Letterman talking about having done a weeklong Vipassana meditation retreat. I was
talking to him about that, and I said, ‘Why don't you come to the studio?’ He's a very proficient guitar
player and an amazing actor. I was very impressed with him in Scott Pilgrim.",
"Beck wrote songs for that movie, but you would've been a good choice too."
"I was at the premiere, and the first thing I did when the lights came on was go to the director and say,
‘Why didn't you call me to do that?’ ",
"Your Yo Gabba Gabba! song ‘All My Friends Are Insects’ makes me want to hear a kids' record
from you.",
"Everything I say to my daughter, I sing, so I just have to set up a mic and press "record," because it's like
we live in a musical. I could easily get an album out of that, just out of our day-to-day interactions.",
"Does Green Day's Broadway success make you want to write for the stage?",
"I love musical theater, but if I were to get involved in a production at some point, I'd want to start from
scratch rather than do a best-of- Weezer musical.",
"What's your current take on Pinkerton?",
"To me, it's a totally brilliant album, so personal, there's such a strong vision, and it was a real joy to go
back and crack open the sessions and listen to the tracks one by one and gain inspiration from that. It
seems like it's really stuck in people's minds that I disowned or disavowed the record, and I'm not sure
where that came from.",
"In 2001, you said the album was "hideous" and a "hugely painful mistake.",
"That's what's so great about it! I didn't mean "hideous" in a negative way. I would that say
"it's a hideous record in many ways - it's ugly and dark and twisted and embarrassing. Anyway, in 2001
and 2002, I said a lot of inflammatory things.",
"Like calling your fans ‘little bitches’?",
"Exactly. I had a way with words then, and I'm still facing the consequences."],
["Would you say that Hurley is more or less personal than Raditude?",
"I think people are going to hear it as a lot more personal than a lot of what we've done. I don't like to
compare because so often I'll write something personal and people will think it's really cheesy and fake.",
"What’s an example?",
"Um, ‘Beverly Hills’ is a perfect example. It's a very sincere, very literal complaint about my loneliness
and wanting to be more successful socially and to get married and be part of the musical celebrity
establishment in L.A. A lot of people say it's cheesy or that I'm making fun of Beverly Hills lifestyle or
something like that. To me, it's one of the most personal songs I've ever written.",
"Did that take you by surprise when that happened?",
"No. The time I was most surprised was when we put out our first record. I thought we were going to be
taken very seriously, ‘Undone- The Sweater Song’ was a song about depression, and then everyone said
we were this funny geek band and I was so shocked and disappointed. Ever since then, I have come to
expect that; there is this disconnect between me and a lot of casual listeners. Some people get it and some
people will never get it.",
"You're really screaming and pushing your voice on the new record…",
"Yeah. I visualize really weird scenes that have nothing to do with the lyrics necessarily... I remember in
‘Trainwrecks,’ near the end of the second bridge... I can't remember exactly what it was, but it involved a
forest gnome and a broad sword and it really brought out this amazing quality in my voice…",
"What's "Where's My Sex" about?",
"I can't remember if it was my 2-year-old daughter who said it, or my wife said it, or my wife told me that
my daughter said it... One of them accidentally said, ‘Where's My Sex?’ instead of ‘Where's my socks?’
She couldn't find her socks. And when I heard her say, ‘Where's my sex?’ | just thought, ‘There's a cool
song title right there.’ So I went and started writing like crazy and wrote out all the lyrics. First I just
wrote it so the song was all about trying to find your socks... how terrible it is when you're not wearing
socks. Then I went back and changed a few letters in the words and now it's a completely different
animal.",
"That's a pretty cool song-writing trick.",
"Yeah, that was fun. Also, ‘Smart Girls’ was another thing like that- it was originally ‘Hot Girls’ about
how frustrating it is to have all these amazingly hot girls tweeting at me, and it was so frustrating because
I'm not in that life-stage anymore where I can do anything about it. So I wrote this song, ‘Hot Girls,’ that
ultimately ended feeling too macho or something. So we just changed it to ‘Smart Girls’ and then every
other lyric stayed the
same and it's a really cheesy song about girls, but changing that one word makes it completely different
and interesting... That reminds me of ‘Back in the U.S.S.R.’ by The Beatles. They changed the setting and
it becomes cool... Sometimes songs take on a life of their own and you have to follow it."],
["So how’s it going? How was the tour?" , "It went really well. I’m coming back to playing with a totally
different mind state than I’ve ever had before. So it’s been a real learning experience figuring out who I
am, how I want to be onstage. It’s been really fun. " , "You mean different from when you were touring
Maladroit? " , "Yeah. Every time you come back it’s different. I feel very calm and concentrated [these
days], — I can get into the zone a lot more easily, and stay there a lot more easily. And not get knocked
off by negative thoughts — you know, the inner critic telling you that that note was flat, or that lyric’s no
good, you’re a faker — those sorts of things. I shut that guy out a lot better now. That’s the goal of any
performer or athlete or artist — to just concentrate on what you’re doing and not analyze it too much. " ,
"I can see that in terms of the songwriting process, but I imagine that when you’re onstage the smoke and
crowd and noise would drown that out more than when it’s just you alone with your guitar. " , "It’s more
extreme having the crowd there. When you’re on, you’re really on, you’re really excited, and you feel
everyone’s watching you and giving you their energy. But then if the critic gets the upper hand, it’s like
the crowd takes sides with the critic, and that voice gets so loud it can be unbearable. You can look out in
the crowd and just happen to see the one person that looks like they’re not having a good time, and then
your inner critic will latch onto that image and magnify it and shove it in your face. And then you forget
about what you’re trying to do. You forget about the music you’re trying to make. And the enemy has
overpowered you." , "Do you think those bad voices are just some weird evolutionary flaw in the way our
brains are structured? " , "You know, that’s a very interesting question, and up till a year or two ago I
definitely would have pondered it. But now, I don’t really care. All I know is that it’s a maladaptive
behavior to think like that, and I don’t want to think like that anymore, and I’m just going to stop. " , "Is it
the same thing when you write songs? " , "Yeah, it’s the same thing when you’re writing songs, it’s the
same thing when you’re giving an interview and you think, Did I just say something stupid? That critic’s
gotta go. He’s not helping! " , "Do you ever fear if you totally let him go you’ll have no standards of
quality? " , "I remember having fears like that maybe when I started the meditation. So I went into the
practice not being convinced — it was just a trial. But I gave it a sincere shot when I started, and I
immediately noticed that my ability to concentrate when I was singing or writing or playing a guitar solo
was a little bit better. And it sounded a little bit better, and it wasn’t just me that thought that; it was the
people around me. With each step I take I see that my ability to perform gets a little better. So until it
starts getting worse, I’m going to keep moving forward. " , "One fear I have is that if I totally open up my
creativity I’ll be blown away by what might come out, and lose my sense of who I am. " , "[Long pause.]
Blown away. Well, that actually sounds kinda cool! [Laughs.] But those creative moments never last all
that long! Even at your best the creative moments are still kind of fleeting. But even if that happened, it
sounds kind of cool to me. " , "I heard you didn’t like that Rolling Stone article — was there anything you
wanted to say about that? " , "I don’t remember. I always loved the L.A. Weekly. I totally looked up to it
when Weezer was starting out and I always wanted to be in it, and they always totally ignored us! They
never gave us any credit. I thought it would be cool to do this story — I think I was probably still upset
about the Rolling Stone article at the time.
It’s strange, too, because during the interview it seemed like the writer was really empathetic, and she said
things to my manager like "The interview went really great; he’s not weird at all." And then I read the
article, and I was totally shocked. It was just another one of those Rivers is . . . what’s the phrase she
used? Mentally deranged. One of those "Rivers is crazy" articles. I was really hurt on a personal level. " ,
"Maybe the editors thought, it has to be splashy and catchy and blah blah blah. " , "Right. I totally
understand that. And you know what, they’re probably right, too. The article she wrote is probably far
more interesting to most people than the truth. So I understand. [Laughs.] However, I have to go on and
live the rest of my life now with people thinking I’m nuts. And my mom reads that, my grandparents read
that. And it’s not the truth. So I think it’s wrong. " , " On the other hand, it’s hard as a journalist not to
focus on that — you’ve always written about struggling with your brain. And you actually sing on this
album, "I’m so obviously insane." " , "[Laughs.] That’s true. [Pause.] All right, you got me. [Laughs.] But
I’m not, like, really insane! " , "This is something you may have to deal with for the rest of your life —
people seem to find you interesting. " , "I’m not! I’m sitting here at my grandparents’ house, sharing
family stories and going for walks, stuff like that. I think you people are the weird ones. " , "You people? "
, "Yeah. Meaning everyone else. I’m the normal one. " , "With the Green Album, the conventional wisdom
was — and I think you even said this — that you were going into the math of songwriting, and didn’t
want to be known personally in your music. With this album, it seems like you are really revealing
yourself emotionally — is that true? " , "Yeah. On a song like "Hash Pipe," I definitely did not sit down
and say, All right, what am I feeling now, what am I thinking, how can I express this with music or lyrics?
I just took a couple shots of tequila and started rocking out. Whereas on Make Believe I just kept digging
deeper and deeper to figure out how I felt about things, and I wouldn’t rest until I’d captured it in a song.
And there were a lot of false starts. " , "What about "Hold Me"? How did you write that song? " , "I really
love that one. I . . . [laughs] I hesitate to tell the story of some of these songs, because it’ll just perpetuate
the Rivers-is-crazy myth. But you know, at times I’ve resorted to pretty extreme methods to inspire
myself. But I think it’s something anyone would do if they felt like they had to write a really powerful,
emotional song on demand. Anyone would resort to extreme experiments — no, I don’t even want to talk
about it. [Laughs.] " , "I don’t want to cartoonize you, but I think all the songwriters that read this might
feel some recognition in knowing what you do to write. It’s not that unique that people do weird things to
get the bad voices to go to sleep. " , "Yeah — that’s the key. I think the important thing as an artist is to
reach a really extreme state of concentration where you’re just one with whatever you’re creating, and the
inner critic is utterly silent, can’t get a word in. Artists have discovered countless ways to reach that state
of extreme concentration through extreme emotions like anger or sadness. Other artists have resorted to
taking drugs to shut out the critic. And two years ago I was still resorting to those extreme methods when
I wrote that song, and I was self-consciously experimenting with ways to enter those states of mind. That
particular experiment involved fasting. I think I just hadn’t eaten in 24 hours or something like that. I felt
really sad [laughs], and I really pitied myself, and I felt a lot of loss, and of course I was really hungry. I
think because of low blood sugar, whatever extraneous mental activity I usually have kind of quieted
down, so I entered into this very concentrated state of extreme longing, and started playing that song. And
that music made me feel really good. The reason I hesitate to describe that is because I don’t advocate
those kinds of experiments. It’s crazy, and it can’t be sustained. If you’re relying on extreme emotions,
you just become a wreck, and it’s tough for other people to live with you. And it’s just not a good life.
Who wants to be constantly cultivating anger and sadness? Not me. Same thing with drugs. After a while
you build up a tolerance to them, and you start having to take more to reach the same level of inspiration.
It’s just a bad road to go down. " , "Same with alcohol — it works for a while, and then it just doesn’t
work the same way. " , "Yeah, it can’t be sustained. But all that led me to discovering meditation. Which
is just the exercise of concentrating your mind. You’re not relying on any emotion, you’re not relying on a
drug, you’re not relying on fasting, you’re not relying on locking yourself in a closet for a week. And
when it’s time to concentrate and write a song, you can do that. You can go to the depths, real deep, and
go quickly and stay there and dig out some real inspiration. " , "In the past, you had some disdain for what
you did as compared to other forms of music. Do you still hold classical music above rock or pop? " ,
"When I was in my mid-20s, after we put out the Blue Album, I had a huge inferiority complex about
being a rock musician. I thought my songs were really simplistic and silly, and I wanted to write complex,
intense, beautiful music. That’s why I went to Harvard — to learn how to be a classical composer. And I
started studying it, and I realized that I didn’t really like any contemporary classical music. And I very
quickly started missing being in the band, and I wanted to go back to that. And since then I’ve gotten a
greater appreciation for what pop artists do. Yeah, the music isn’t necessarily as involved, but the art itself
is so much more multifaceted than just music — it involves lyric writing, collaborating with other
musicians, some improvisation, and the art of overseeing the persona of the band and who you are, how
you act and dress, how you move onstage. All of these things are integrated into a very multifaceted art
that moves a lot of people and is important, and relevant to our culture in a way that serious classical
music isn’t right now. I do have a lot of appreciation for what pop artists do now, and see that they can
have an important and beneficial effect on the world. " , "Rock music has been around for a while now,
and the quantum leaps of its invention happened decades ago. The majority of rock music now is about
individuals like yourself adding your own twist on forms that are pre-existing. Do you ever feel cheated
that you didn’t get to be there when somebody decided to take the chords to "Louie Louie" and turn them
into a rock & roll song? " , "I did! I used to feel cheated, ’cause it seemed like in the ’60s those musicians
and songwriters inherited this vast wealth of opportunities musically. There were so many doors to be
opened, and they opened them all really quickly. It must have been a very exciting time. We come up in
the early ’90s, and music and culture is so fragmented and decadent in so many ways — so many things
have already been done, and so many resources have already been exploited, and it was frustrating and
confusing at first. But really what it means is we just have a different task set before us. And it’s
challenging and rewarding in a completely different way. I feel like maybe Weezer’s job is to look back on
what’s happened musically over the decades and try to make sense of it all, and tie it together as best we
can. And not worry so much about being innovative and breaking new ground. " , "Do the other guys have
a greater role in the creation of the music now than people seem to think? " , "Yeah, the general
conception is that I’m the genius-slash-tyrant that dictates to everyone what they’re supposed to do, and
that’s totally not the truth. Starting on Pinkerton, for sure, there was a lot of collaboration there, but then
on Maladroit — although the songwriting on my part wasn’t great — the other guys’ contributions as far
as background vocals, countermelodies, guitar lines and stuff like that were really outstanding, and they
just picked up where they left off on Make Believe. They bring influences from all over the musical map.
There’s hardly any need for me to give direction. The problem is that some journalists get so fixated on
me that when they call the other guys to do an interview, they don’t think to ask them about their
contributions. They ask for weird stories about me. If I were them, I would get irritated. I can’t blame
them for sniping at me sometimes in their interviews, because I think the world does not give them
enough credit. I know, because I’m on the inside. I see what they bring to the albums. Another way they
contribute is by giving me guidance. I’d be lost without them; they’re really my anchor. Sometimes if I’m
in the studio for a long time I’ll completely lose my perspective. They have to sit me down and say, What
are you doing? That sounds really stupid! And I’ll say, Yeah, I guess you’re right. And a Weezer album is
born. " , "I think Pat [Wilson] is a grossly underappreciated drummer. " , "It’s ridiculous. He’s the most
amazing musician. He’s so subtle and so understated that the average person doesn’t realize how
important he is to this band. But there have been times over the years when Pat wasn’t available, or I
wanted to play with someone else, and we got someone else for some rehearsals or something. We played
with some of the best drummers in the world, supposedly, and it always felt horrible. Anyone except for
Pat — it just doesn’t feel like Weezer. " , "Do you ever give yourself songwriting assignments? " , "Rick
[Rubin] actually gave me some assignments over the past couple years. Like he said, Write a Billy Joel or
Elton John type of song, and I just took that to mean, write a song on the piano. And that was part of the
inspiration for "Haunt You Every Day," which closes the album. And he said, Write a song with the beat
from "Pour Some Sugar on Me" by Def Leppard, and that was part of the inspiration for "Beverly Hills."
He told Tom Petty the same thing, and Tom Petty wrote "It’s Good To Be King." " , "Oh, that’s funny.
When I hear "Beverly Hills," I get "The Joker" by Steve Miller in my head. " , "Yeah yeah yeah! That was
the other example he gave us. " , "Speaking of which, "Surf Wax America" reminds me of a Cure song. " ,
"No — I remember thinking, this is way too close to something else, there’s no way I can get away with
this. But at the time we were nobodies; we didn’t have a record. I thought, no one’s going to sue us. I
can’t remember what the song was, which is probably for the best. " , " I think it was "Caterpillar" — it
has a keyboard line that’s similar. " , "Oh! Maybe that’s what it is! I wasn’t aware it was the Cure — you
may be exactly right. But you know what, it’s also one of those piano pieces by Erik Satie, the Trois
Gymnopedies. " , "Oh my gosh, you’re right! " , "And you know what, in a few years someone else is
going to use it, and that’s cool. " , "At one point during the recording of Make Believe, you said you were
working with Rick Rubin in a sort of removed way, where you would send him CDs of songs and he
would text-message you back or something. " , "Yeah, I hung out with him a lot in the first phase when I
was just writing, and we would watch music DVDs together and listen to records and talk about music,
and he was just really pushing me to dig as deep as I could and write some lyrics that would be interpreted
by the average person as being sincere, whereas a lot of our older records he thought were perceived as
being kind of jokey and ironic. And then in the second phase, we got together with the band in a rehearsal
studio, and he was just like one of the guys in the band throwing out ideas — also, doing his best to
improve the communication between us and making sure everyone felt safe to voice their opinions, and
that we would try anything. And then in the third phase we actually got in the studio . . . I would bring
him a CD every week, and he’d listen and give some input or send me text messages. Through the whole
process we were texting each other like crazy, which I think he does so he can have several records going
on at once, just texting like a madman. It sounds kind of dubious, but it really works. He made a huge
difference in this recording and in the band. " , "And he had you guys in group counseling. " , "Yeah, well,
I guess the idea came from him, but we were all very excited to try it. [The counselor] was called a
communication coach. She just taught us some techniques for talking to each other in a more
compassionate way, and also listening in a more compassionate way. Communication is difficult, and
we’re still working on it, but I think we all feel much more comfortable now voicing our opinions. We
have band meetings every show day. Before sound check, we get together for a half hour or 45 minutes
and talk about whatever. To me it seems like everyone’s super happy. " , "That kind of thing, and maybe
even the meditation thing, also sound like training for a relationship. " , "Yeah, for one thing, I have
complete confidence in my ability to be faithful now, ’cause if I can be with no one for two years, then I
can certainly be committed to one person. And because of the meditation, I’m so used to watching these
feelings of dissatisfaction or anger or longing or sadness come up inside of me, and then pass away, that
now I know when I find a woman to be with, I’m not going to blame her for those feelings. ’Cause I know
it’s just junk inside of me. " , "Who is your musical hero? " , "Pat. ’Cause I’ve been playing with him
since we were 21, and just about whenever I’ve been making music, he’s been right there next to me. My
style has really evolved around him. And he just has that heavy-yet-sensitive touch that I really admire.
And emulate. " , "Do you mean musically or personally or both? " , "It’s reflected in everything he does.
But you can really hear it in the way he plays. He has a lot of power, but it’s never harsh. It’s always
sensitive, and dynamic, and it’s always expressive in a subtle way. And I see that in everything he does,
whether it’s juggling a soccer ball or rapping. " , "A few years ago you said you wanted to make a
rap-metal album. You do some rapping on "Beverly Hills," but what happened with that? " , "I kind of feel
like that’s what we did — in the approach of writing vocal parts that are much more lyric-oriented. I
would just write out a bunch of words and start singing ’em without worrying about where the melody
was going. It’s more about the rhythm of the words, and you can hear it on "Beverly Hills" or "Across the
Sea" on Pinkerton or "El Scorcho" or even on "Buddy Holly," and that’s what I mean when I say
rap-metal. " , "Do you have a working definition of love? Or what it means to be in love? " , "The feeling
of wanting to give something expecting nothing in return. That’s the kind of love I strive for. " , "Do you
do good deeds knowing no one will ever know about it? " , " [Laughs.] I try to. I want to do nothing but
good deeds. " , "Any good deed you’re particularly proud of? " , " There’s no point in gloating about it,
even in a secret inner way, because you lose the benefit of having done the good deed! " , " You live in a
one-room place, right? " , " I’m living in a guest house right by the ArcLight — it’s one room, but it’s
really nice, and it’s a loft. " , " And you don’t have a car? " , " No. First of all, I’m hardly ever in L.A., but
when I am, everything I need to do is within walking distance of my apartment. And we have [an
assistant] who can drive me, or one of the other guys in the band. But there’s no real reason to have a car.
It’s not ’cause I’m some weird ascetic freak — there’s just no need. If I end up in a situation where I need
a car, I’ll get one! [Laughs.] " , " Has living in the city, in L.A. specifically, affected you at all creatively? "
, " I suspect that L.A. has had a really good influence on me musically. When I was a teenager living in
upstate Connecticut, I was on a real bad trip musically, stuff that hardly anyone could relate to. Then I
moved to L.A., and pretty quickly I figured out how to make music that would have a broader appeal and
mean something to a lot of people. Then I went back to Boston and wrote Pinkerton, which didn’t have as
broad an appeal. It has the sound of someone who’s not really in touch with other people, and I don’t
know if that’s good. It also sounds very much like a winter album, which I don’t know if I would make in
L.A. So I like L.A. " , "This friend of mine said that novelists tend to rewrite the same story over the
course of their careers. What’s your story? " , " There’s themes I’ve noticed, like feeling guilty and beating
myself up and saying I’m sorry, being alone . . . it’s starting to feel a little bit old to me. [Laughs.] I don’t
think I can really write a new kind of song until there’s some big changes in my life. That’s why I’m kind
of excited and curious to see what might happen to me if I find somebody. What if I can’t write the "I’m
shy and lonely" song anymore? It’ll be something else. It’s exciting. "
]
['Hi, it's Rivers. " , " Hi Rivers, how are things in Dallas today? " , " Good. We played Houston and Austin
and today in Dallas. It's going well. " , " Are these your own shows?" , " We're co-headlining with the Foo
Fighters." , " So how long have you been touring on this album?
" , " We've been touring since April. We've been to Japan and Europe a couple of times, and around the
States a couple of times." , " The new album is getting some airplay, congrats on that. Do you mostly
come to the band with the songs? " , " Yeah, that's how it worked out this time. We spent some time in
pre-production moving parts around and coming up with background parts. Some of the songs I demo on
my own, and in those cases they're pretty much arranged by the time the band gets to them." , " Do you
have a home studio?" , " No. We rented a room at SIR in Hollywood, and I had a whole band set up in
there. So I could just jump from instrument to instrument. And we had a Pro Tools rig. Somebody set that
up and did a lot of the work, but sometimes I would ask him to walk out of the room and I would fiddle
with it myself. But I'm not very proficient with it myself." , " There's a big learning curve there. " , " Yeah,
it's brutal. " , " Are you proficient on the drums and other instruments? " , " Yeah, I'm good enough to
make a demo. And actually at these shows I play drums on one song, and our drummer Pat comes out and
plays guitar and sings. It's on 'Photograph' from the Green album. " , " So do you have any new guitar toys
you're playing around with this time? " , " Yeah, I'm using the talkbox on 'Beverly Hills.' " , " It sounds
real Frampton-like. Is that what you intended, or is it just that a talkbox always sounds Frampton-like? " ,
" Well, I'm not even really familiar with Frampton, so that wasn't my intention, but everybody says that.
That's fine, whatever. At first it felt very strange to play it, but now I'm really enjoying it. It feels very
natural. " , " What brand do you have? " , " I don't even know. It says Talkbox on it. " , " Are you not
really a gear head? " , " Not really. My role in the band has been to be a foundation. My guitar sound is
like a basic canvas on which the other guitar player adds interesting color. He has a lot more in terms of
gear. " , " What do you play through live? " , " I'm using Diesel heads. My guitar tech found them. They
sound really good. " , " And what kind of guitar are you playing these days? " , " A Gibson SG. " , " Is
there anything you've done to the guitar? " , " No, the guitar is standard, but we invented a box called the
'De-Bigulator' which is just a little switch that turns down the volume - or the current, I don't even know
what it is - going to the amp. So it's like I'm quickly turning down my volume knob, but all I have to do is
step on this switch. That's how I go from dirty to clean. " , " Your tech built this, it didn't come with the
amp? " , " No. I told him what I wanted to accomplish. His name is Bobby Schneck, he's been with us for
a long time. He's a real integral part of what we do. And actually he plays guitar on stage with us on some
songs. He also was teching for Green Day for awhile, and he also played for them. " , " Is he on stage or
off stage when he's playing? " , " He comes out on stage and rock out with us. " , " Cool. Do you use any
other effects? " , " The only other effect pedal I use is the Boss Super Distortion. And we tune down a
half-step. " , " What guitar do you play at home? " , " I have a Gibson J-45 acoustic. I do a lot of writing
on that. " , " Do you do a lot of writing year round, or do you wait until the band is gearing up for an
album? " , " I guess I write at home a lot. " , " And when you're working on a tune, do you try to make it
happen all in one sitting, or do you sometimes let songs sit for a few weeks, then come back to it? " , "
I've tried all different ways. On the songs that made it to the album, there were substantial revisions to
most songs. But generally I manage to write a complete song in one sitting, and if there are revisions, they
come later. " , " Did your producer, Rick Rubin, ask for a lot of revisions? " , " Yeah. I would send him a
song, and he would send me a page saying, the verse is great, the chorus isn't so great, try again - that sort
of thing. " , " Does Rick play music? " , " No he doesn't, and it's very strange. He's an incredibly musical
person, but he doesn't play. " , " So his advice is really coming from a listener standpoint. " , " Yeah.
There's a lot of innocence about it. There's no player ego involved at all. It's just like average listener
advice. " , " Is he demanding when he asks for a change, or is he laid back? " , " He's massively laid back.
But he's always very clear, and open and honest about what he thinks. He'll tell you if something is not
great, and he'll leave it up to you about what you want to do about it. It's a really inspiring way to work.
He's a great partner for me. " , " And he did pre-production in a studio with the full band, right? " , " Yeah,
that's one of his main priorities. He's getting everybody involved at that stage. And he made it so that it
was only the four of us and him at that stage. No one else was allowed in the room. He did whatever he
could to make everyone feel safe so that they could all contribute, whatever crazy ideas they had, they felt
safe to shout them out, and we'd try it. And then we'd all vote and collaborate. The whole process was
very dynamic. " , " Can you explain to our younger readers, when you're working with somebody like
Rick Rubin in a pre-production scenario like this, what is pre-production like. What does a pro producer
make you do - did he have you running through tunes over and over and over again? " , " Yes, absolutely.
It could be painful. I think especially Pat, our drummer, didn't enjoy the experience. But I think we all feel
like it was incredibly valuable, and really it's one of the big differences in the quality of this album
compared to the album before, on which we didn't do much pre-production. " , " In a situation like that,
you're really analyzing the song down to the second, aren't you? Every beat has to be in the right place.
That's kind of what he's pointing out to you, correct? " , " Yeah, absolutely. " , " That's pretty cool as a
learning experience. It's sort of like you write an album, and then this guy takes you to college on it. It's
like a whole semester's worth of thought on those songs. " , " Absolutely. It was a great experience. " , "
So when you're working on these tunes on your own at home, are you recording into a cassette recorder, a
home studio - what do you do to keep these tunes in your mind? " , " Nowadays I record directly into my
lap top. I've got a $25 microphone from Radio Shack. I plug it into my computer and record into a
program called Vegas. It's really easy to use, much easier than Pro Tools. " , " Vegas is Sony's video
editing software. Why are you using that instead of their Acid recording program? " , " I don't know.
Somehow, I think our web guy had it because he makes videos of us. So I learned it, and now I'm kind of
stuck with it. " , " Who is the girl singing backups on 'Beverly Hills'? " , " Her name is Stephanie Eitel.
" , " That part sticks out, was that Rubin's idea? " , " No, that was actually my idea. At first I was going to
sing it myself, but then I thought, 'Let's have some girl do this.' " , " Is she saying, 'Can you hear me?' " , "
No, she's saying, 'Gimme, Gimme.' " , " So what are you doing about that track on the road, is it on a
track? " , " No, the other guys have to sing it. In my opinion it doesn't sound that great. " , " She probably
did it better. " , " I think so. " , " When I listen to your whole albums, there are some songs which are
more straight-forward and simple, such as 'Beverly Hills,' and then songs like 'We Are All On Drugs,'
there's more guitar riffing going on - the track is more intricate. Why are there these differences between
songs? What leads you in one direction or the other? " , " I don't think about it too much. I think one of
the differences is that we didn't spend a lot of time working out 'Beverly Hills.' It was one of the last
songs. I wrote it very quickly; we recorded it very quickly. I think if we had time to play with it longer we
would have had time to come up with some riffs over it. A lot of times that's the job of the other guitar
player. That's him you hear riffing around on 'We Are All On Drugs.' " , " So how is it you chose 'Beverly
Hills' to be the lead off track? " , " I didn't. " , " Was it a label decision? " , " Label and management.
Everyone voted pretty much, and it seemed like the clear consensus was 'Beverly Hills.' And it's done
extremely well at radio. " , " Oh yeah, I'm hearing it all the time. " , " You can't complain " , " No you
can't, not at all. So do you have any tips or suggestions for kids out there with a band, trying to get
noticed. How do they get their band from a local club level to being noticed by a major label? " , " I think
moving from the back woods of Connecticut to Los Angeles was extremely helpful (to me) as far as
getting a label deal. But, I don't know " , " Did you play a lot of shows before you got signed? " , " It
seemed like it. We played probably 50 or 60 shows before the labels started coming and it was clear that
we were going to get a deal. That was over nine months to a year. It seemed like it was taking forever. We
were playing the same songs that eventually became hits, and we were wondering 'Why isn't anybody
interested in us? These other bands are getting signed, why aren't we?' " , " But it all worked out. A lot of
bands - especially if they're in a part of the country where there are not a lot of original music clubs - they
play one or two shows a month, and wonder why aren't we getting anywhere. But if you want to be in a
really tight band, you need to be playing live a lot more than that. And with a lot of the celebrities who
I've interviewed over the years were the people in their community who were playing like three nights a
week, as opposed to once a month. " , " Yeah, it's really crucial. It helps you figure out who you are, and
what your style is. " , " Did you start out playing covers? " , " Yeah, I grew up playing covers. My first
band was an all Kiss cover band. And then I did another band that was playing a variety of '80s metal:
Judas Priest and Iron Maiden and Metallica, Yngvie. " , " Were you playing those leads? " , " I was trying.
And then ever after putting out my own records I've gotten together with guys to cover bands, and I
remember one show I did that was all Nirvana stuff. And another show was all Oasis songs. And I'm
always just covering songs by myself, learning them and playing them on acoustic for the fun of it. And I
think it influences how I write. " , " By learning some new progression you hadn't thought of before? " , "
Yeah, and the melodic and lyrical patterns. Just to get them in my brain, my sub-conscious so that when I
go to write they just start popping out automatically. " , " Was there anything in particular on this album
that you allowed to enter your brain and influence you that way? " , " Yeah. Rick was very particular
about what recommended I listen to. " , " Really? What did he say? " , " Three things: 1) John Lennon, 2)
Neil Young, and 3) Trent Reznor. So I listened to those three artists over and over again. " , " And learned
some of their songs? " , " Yeah. I learned songs and listened to them. " , " What tunes did you learn? " , " I
remember learning a song called 'Alabama' by Neil Young. I learned so many John Lennon songs. " , "
Were you previously a Lennon or Beatles fan? " , " Yeah. But what I did was put only the John Lennon
songs in a playlist in my computer. So it wasn't exactly like listening to the Beatles, it was only the
Lennon stuff. And it had a very different effect. " , " Solo and Beatles Lennon tunes? " , " Some of the solo
stuff; mostly Beatles songs. I don't know if I learned any Nine Inch Nails songs, because they're not really
guitar songs. " , " When you were doing the '80s metal stuff, were you at that time - or do you now
consider yourself - a fairly capable lead guitar player? " , " Yeah, I spent a lot of time practicing technique
- scales and arpeggios and all that stuff, with a metronome. I was definitely on the technically capable
side. But shortly after getting to L.A. I started getting into different aspects of music - the songwriting and
singing things. And at that time I stopped practicing guitar techniques, so I'm definitely not the shredder I
once was. I'm capable enough to play anything I need to play in this band. " , " What was it about moving
to Los Angeles that changed your playing? " , " I moved in '89. I went to L.A. with the intention of
becoming a huge rock star who played Yngvie Malmsteen type music (laughs). When I got to L.A. I
started to perform in clubs, and I got a job at Tower Records (on Sunset Blvd.) and started meeting other
musicians and other music people, and I started to realize that most people don't really care about guitar
technique. They're more interested in songwriting and singing. And working at Tower Records, they play
music in there 8 hours a day, through my whole shift, every day. And they weren't playing Yngvie, they
were playing Sonic Youth and the Pixies, and all these classic rock and pop records. And I just heard that
stuff over and over every day - against my will initially. But eventually it really had an influence on me
and I got more interested in songwriting and singing. " , " And the rest is history! Well Rivers, thank you
so much for your time, and enjoy the road! " , " Thanks Adam. "]
["When have you been at Harvard, exactly? " , " I transferred in as a second-semester sophomore in the
fall of ’95. " , " And you were there for the semester after that, the spring semester of ’96? " , " Yeah. " , "
Were you there for fall semester of ’96? " , " No. "Pinkerton" came out on September 24th, and we toured
that fall. And then I came back at the end of January. " , " Okay, and you were there for that semester. " , "
Yeah. " , " Okay, and then in fall of ’97, you came back to Cambridge, but you didn’t attend? " , " Right. I
backed out at the last second. " , " So that was it for a while, and then you came back in Fall of 2004? " , "
Right. " , " What do you think your favorite course has been, since you’ve been here? " , " So many. Music
51 immediately comes to mind, with John Stewart. " , " Why? " , " I feel like I got a lot out of that class
that is gonna stick with me for the rest of my life, just because he stresses learning through experience so
much. Everything we learned, we learned on the keyboard and we practiced over and over. So, all those
little chord progressions and voice leadings—they’re in my bones, as well as my ear. So, I just feel that I
got a tremendous amount out of that class. " , " Do you think a lot of that went into specific aspects of
your music that weren’t there on the Blue Album? " , " Well, I think one thing I got out of the class, one
specific thing, was maybe an even greater attention to counterpoint, which is having one melody move in
a different direction and a different way than another melody. And in pop or rock music, that’s expressed
mostly in the contrast between the vocal melody and then the bassline or the chord progression. A lot of
rock music doesn’t pay much attention to that—a lot of times, the guitar line and the vocal line move
together But some rock musicians—myself, included—really try to have there be a counterpoint there.
And I was really into that on "Pinkerton". So, that could be an influence from Music 51. " , " Are there
any professors you’ve had a close relationship with? " , " Yeah, I had a very close relationship with my
Expos teacher, Naomi Steven. We were very close throughout my first year at Harvard, and we’d have
lunch all the time and just talk for hours. At that time, I was working on the "Pinkerton" songs a lot, so I
feel like she was, in a way, a collaborator and an influence. " , " Which Expos class was it, out of
curiosity? " , " I think it was just called "The Essay," Expos 17. Yeah, she was involved in that whole
process. " , " So, would you go to her with lyrics you’d been working on, and she’d critique? " , " No, it
wasn’t like that. It was more like, I would discuss with her the emotional and romantic situations in my
life, and we’d also talk about ways to express that in art, and what ways other artists have expressed that.
[pause] I can’t be too specific, because it involves other people’s private lives. But one example is, in
"Pinkerton", in "El Scorcho," two lines in the song are actually taken from someone else’s essay in my
Expos class. Because at one point, we had to do a little workshop thing, and we each got assigned to
review someone else’s essay. So, I reviewed this one person’s essay, and I liked some of the lines in it, so I
took them and used them in the song. " , " Can you tell us which lines? " , " Well, if you look at the
printed lyrics, two of them have quotes around them, so those are the ones. " , " Have you told the person?
" , " Oh, yeah. " , " And they’re cool with that? " , " Mm-hm. Yeah. They were at the time. There’s
actually a whole lot more drama behind the whole thing, but I just can’t get into it. " , " Behind the whole
album, or just that particular song, or the Expos? " , " All of it. " , " Are there any physical spots on
campus that have particular significance for you? " , " I think this cafeteria. Yeah. I obviously eat here
three times a day and take long meals and just hang out with people, and this is like, this is where I live,
apart from my room, which is where I do all my work. So, I have a lot of great memories here. " , " How
about from previous times when you were here, before you were living on campus? " , " Well, I didn’t live
on campus. " , " So, you didn’t spend much time on campus? You’d just go to class and then commute
back home? " , " Yeah. Sometimes, I’d hang out if I had a break between classes. " , " But the campus
wasn’t terribly significant for you, physically, at that point? " , " Well, it was, but I don’t remember one
place in particular that was significant. " , " What surprised you most about your experiences at Harvard? "
, " I was very surprised at how friendly people are, and at how outgoing and nice and good-mannered
people are. I guess, growing up, I just assumed people would be kind of snobby here. And I was amazed
when people would just come up to me and start talking. They just seemed very unpretentious. " , " So,
when you were coming here, were you hoping for people to be pretentious? Or were you expecting that?
You had your pick of schools to go to, so if you expected people to be like that… " , " I think that, before I
came here, I was thinking that I wasn’t gonna have any social life at all, and I didn’t care. That wasn’t
why I was coming here, so it didn’t matter to me. " , " Is there anything that’s been disappointing for you
about Harvard? " , " [Long pause] Like everyone else, I feel like there’s a lot of things that I would have
loved to have done while I was here, but I just didn’t have time. And so, there’s a feeling of, "Aw, man, if
only I had another semester..." " , " Like, classes you’d want to take? " , " Classes I wanna take, or
extracurricular activities, or musicals, or the choir. " , " Actually, I wanted to get to that—I read
somewhere that you auditioned for a choir when you first got here. What was that like, and what
happened? " , " I think there’s this one general audition you take, and they tell you which choir you’ve
gotten into, and I had my heart set on Collegium Musicum, which is just, like, the standard choir, but it’s
pretty good. Whereas the other one is just, like, they let any joker in. And I…I didn’t get into the good
choir. " , " So, I assume that was a disappointment " , " Yeah, I was disappointed, because I’ve always
loved singing in choirs. I’ve been in them ever since 8th grade. I was in the Connecticut All-State Choir in
High School, and obviously, I sing for a living. " , " Right—you’d think they’d let you in, automatically. "
, " Well, they didn’t know who I was, which was good. Because I’d want to be let in on the merits of my
singing, not reputation. " , " Are there other extracurriculars you did end up doing? " , " I don’t think so.
When I was here in the ’90s, I was really busy outside of school, playing music with local Boston
musicians. I have a lot of friends in bands around here, and I was going out to clubs and that sort of thing.
And this time, I spend a lot of time on meditation, and that seems to keep me occupied. " , " Is there any
part of the Harvard life that you really wish you’d been a part of? You said musicals—would you have
wanted to do theater here? " , " Yeah. If…Yeah, I get stage fright, though, so I don’t know if I could have
pulled it off. And I can’t dance. But yeah, it would have been great to be in a musical. I was in "Grease" in
high school. " , " Right, you were Johnny Casino. Have you gone to any musical performances on
campus? Do you have friends that you go see performances of? " , " Yeah, I have friends in C-Sharp, and I
think they’re great. I really love those songs. If there was one group I would join, that would be it. But, I
don’t speak Chinese, so it would be tough. " , " How has this semester differed from Fall 2004? " , " Yeah,
I’m really different, and I think the main difference is I’m engaged. And, in 2004, I was looking for
somebody. So, I seem to be less concerned with meeting people this time. Like, I’m happy to meet people
and hang out and have fun, but I don’t feel, like, extremely driven to do it. So, a lot of times, people will
send me emails—"Hey, there’s this party, we’re going out to this club, you should come," and I just kinda
say, "Enh." I gotta stay in, do work. Because I feel content already. " , " So, wait, when you were here in
Fall 2004, were you dating? Were you going on dates with students? " , " I wasn’t dating, but I was just…I
was…I definitely had my eyes open. But, I don’t think I technically went on any dates. But, you know, I’d
have dinner in the dining hall here. " , " Typical date for a college student—eating in the dining hall. " , "
Yeah. " , " What’s an average day in your life like, these days? " , " It’s really simple. I get up at 6 and
meditate for an hour, and then, throughout the rest of the day, I’m either in class, or I’m in my room
studying, or I’m in the dining hall. And then, I meditate again at 5:30. " , " Do you meditate with anyone?
" , " It’s just by myself. But, once a week, I go to a group sitting. " , " Is it students? " , " It’s not students.
Although, there is one guy in Cabot, who has taken a Vipassana course. I don’t know him. " , " Have you
been writing at all, in terms of prose or songs, while you’ve been at Harvard this semester? " , " Yeah,
before Spring Break, I was working on some songs, but since I got back, I haven’t had time. " , " How do
you make friends here? Do people come up to you? Do you actively seek people out? " , " Yeah, it’s
great—that’s the best part about being famous, is that people want to get to know me, so all I have to do is
sit down, and then people come up to me and introduce themselves, and I make friends, and then I meet
their friends. It seems like I have a very happy and comfortable social life, which is something I never had
when I was younger. " , " Are there any awkward situations you've been in, where people have tried to be
your friend, but have been too nosy, or you haven't gotten along with them and had to avoid them? " , "
No. I mean, sometimes people are a little nervous or awkward at first, but once they calm down, then
they're generally pretty interesting and intelligent people here. " , " How close do you feel to the friends
you've made here? Do you plan to keep in contact with them after you graduate, or are they just fun
people to be acquaintances with while you're here, and then you're going to go back to your LA friends
and your bandmates? " , " [Long pause] I don't know. I guess that'd be a good question for any graduating
student. I guess I'm totally open to it, and my friends will know how to get in touch with me. " , " So, do
you discuss your life's work with people here? Do people know that you're "Rivers?" Or are you just
Rivers? " , " Well, I don't know what people know, unless they tell me. " , " But, among your friends, does
your life's work come up a lot, or do you just talk about school? " , " I think people feel comfortable
asking me about anything, but my nature is a listener, rather than a talker, so I think we usually end up
talking about their lives. But I'm totally open to talk about anything. " , " Have there been any instances
when somebody's asked a question that's too personal, and you've had to deflect? " , " I think I used to not
want to talk about the band sometimes. Not because it was personal, but because it was a source of
anxiety and tension for me, and when I came here, I wanted to leave it behind and take a break from it and
focus on something else for a while. So, when someone brought it up, it would be painful for me. But
now, I'm relaxed about it. It doesn't bother me. " , " In your initial days at Harvard, you sounded conflicted
[about your anonymity at Harvard]. Which was the more dominant emotion? Feeling isolated, or feeling
glad to be isolated? " , " [Laughs] I think I was probably…[Pause] Thinking back on it, I can see how silly
I was, but, ultimately, I think I was happy that I was isolated and going through tough times, and in pain. "
, " Happy to be in pain? " , " Yeah. " , " Both mental and physical, right? You were in a leg brace at the
time—what was that like? " , " It was literally like having, I think, about seven arrows lodged into your
legbone, and then having to walk around with them lodged in like that for thirteen months, with only
Advil. " , " Was it only Advil? Were you taking other painkillers? " , " I think the first two months, I had
Demerol, but, they warned me to get off that. " , " Do you think that affected either your experiences at
Harvard or your songwriting at the time, or was it just another cherry on the top of all the pain you were
going through? " , " Well, I think physical pain, long-lasting physical pain like that, can really sweeten a
work of art. So, I think it did have a big impact on that second album. And it affected me in school,
because I was far less comfortable getting to know new people. I looked strange, and I was handicapped. "
, " Was that what the line in "The Good Life" is about? Having to walk with a cane? " , " Yeah. " , " I
always thought that was a metaphor. You speak about your time working on "Pinkerton" that your pain
sweetened the process of making a work of art— " , " Not sweeten the process. Sweeten the result.
[Laughs] " , " Do you look back on the days when you were working on the second half of "Pinkerton"
with a certain kind of wistfulness for that pain? " , " No. Not at all. " , " But how do you balance the fact
that you feel that the process sucked, but that the end result was, as you say, a sweet work of art? Do you
still have to go through that kind of pain, in order to produce something? " , " [Long pause] Ah…no, no I
don't think…I don't think you have to suffer. But, at the same time, I don't think you can be indulgent,
either. You can't just load yourself with pleasures. " , " Sort of a middle path? " , " Yeah. I think…my
theory is that…detachment will yield the best results. " , " From both pain and pleasure? " , " Yeah, and
ah…I want to…I think the only way to gague this hypothesis is to look at the music it results in. If you
like the sound of "Pinkerton" better than what I'll come up with in a more detached state of mind, then
you should conclude that, yeah, suffering is necessary to produce good works of art, but that may not be
the case for everyone. I mean, it's one of our least successful records, in a way. " , " So, do you think you
succeeded in being more detached in the songwriting for, say, "Make Believe"? " , " Well, I was moving in
that direction. I started moving in that direction. But still, the song "Hold Me," for example—I was
putting myself through difficulties. " , " Intentionally how? " , " In that case, I was fasting. It was that
similar kind of physical pain and suffering that lent a certain sweetness to that song. " , " But, at that time,
you'd started meditating, no? " , " No, that was right before I started meditating. " , " So, the work that
you've been doing right now—do you think you're getting closer to that detachment? " , " Mm-hm. " , "
But when you say "detachment," do you mean detachment from your personality? " , " No, I mean
detachment from the pleasant or unpleasant sensations of my body. " , " So, purely physical? " , " Well,
the body and the mind are interrelated. " , " But one of the accusations that's been made is that, since The
Green Album, your song topics have become less and less vividly about personal experiences. Do you
agree with that assessment, or is that just in the ear of the beholder? " , " No, I would agree with that, for
the most part. The Green Album and Maladroit were, very intentionally, not about me. Not about what
was going on in my life, at least in a conscious way. " , " And "Make Believe"? " , " It's more about me
again. But not so much about the details of my life. I would try to write about the experiences of my life in
a more universal way; using more universal language, so it probably still doesn't feel as personal as
"Pinkerton". " , " Getting back to "Pinkerton"—would it be at all appropriate to call "Pinkerton" "The
Harvard Album"? " , " Well, the first four songs were not written here. "Tired of Sex"—that's an LA song.
" , " From back in the Zoom days? " , " No, it was written in LA, after the Blue Album was recorded, but
before it was released, at the time when Weezer was becoming kind of popular in the LA clubs. But we
didn't have an album out yet. "Getchoo" was written in Connecticut. "Why Bother" was written in LA.
And what's the other…? Oh, right, "No Other One." That was actually written in Long Island. " , " But
then, the subsequent six… " , " Yeah, the other six songs are very much Harvard. They definitely feel born
of this atmosphere here. " , " Do you feel that, if you hadn't come to Harvard, you would have ended up
putting out "Songs From The Black Hole"? " , " No, that was scrapped before I got to Harvard. " , " I
guess, then, more generally—do you feel that your experiences at Harvard in 1995 and 1996 changed the
direction of the album? Was it going to be a different album, and then being here shifted that? " , "
Absolutely. Yeah, the people I met, the experiences I had that year. " , " Do you think it would have been a
more—and I hate this word—"upbeat" album, if you hadn't come to Harvard? " , " No, I think wherever I
was, I would have ended up in a similar emotional space, probably. " , " So, getting to the songs—could
you tell me about the experiences that led you to write "El Scorcho"? " , " Yeah, I'd love to tell you all the
juicy details, but I…I'm not concerned for my own privacy, but for someone else. I know she doesn't want
anyone to know anything. So I can't say anything. " , " Do you keep in contact with her about it? " , "
[Pause] I try. " , " Is that still painful? " , " Um…I want everyone to get along and to be happy, and so I do
everything I can to make that happen, but if it doesn't happen, I'm not gonna cry about it. " , " Well, not so
much interpersonally, but for you specifically—when you play "El Scorcho," does it hurt to remember
those periods? " , " No. " , " How did you move on from that? Was it just time, or was there a point when
you said, "You know what? Half-Japanese girls don't bother me, anymore"? " , " Um…Well, the
overriding emotion in that experience, and in that aspect of my personality, I think, is guilt. That was the
main source of pain, was a feeling of guilt. That's what that album is about. I think, yeah, ultimately, I just
have to forgive myself, and try to be happy and peaceful now. " , " So, have you forgiven yourself? " , " I
think to a large extent, yeah. " , " Obviously, "Pink Triangle" seems to be about a different girl—are the
six songs about just those two, or were there a number of girls that you were romantically intertwined
with? " , " Yeah, ah—that was a different girl. I think that was the one I noticed first, when I got here in
‘95. We weren't exactly "intertwined"—it's just, I saw her in class and I had a crush on her. And I think we
were hardly even talking. And actually, that's the best phase of a relationship to write songs—before you
even really know anything about the person! Actually, I don't know that. Because now that I'm in a serious
relationship, I guess I'll find some things to write about. " , " Have you been writing about your fiancee? "
, " Lately? No. " , " Really? " , " Yeah, no I seem to be interested in all kinds of things, but not that, so far.
" , " But most of your oeuvre, being modern pop-rock, is largely about girls and romance. So, what are
you writing about, now, if not that? " , " Well that's interesting, because I think the same way about
myself—that I primarily write songs about girls. But, when you think about it, think about the songs that
people really know—think about "The Sweater Song". That's not about a girl. " , " It's not? How is that
not about a girl? " , " What does it have to do with a girl? It's got nothing to do with a girl! " , " Everybody
interprets it that way! You know, "If you want to destroy my sweater, hold this thread as I walk away"… "
, " Is there a girl mentioned? " , " No. I guess it's just implied? " , " No. It's about, at least in my mind
when I wrote it, it's about existential despair. It has nothing to do with a girl. " , " I guess "My Name Is
Jonas" has nothing to do with a girl. " , " "Say It Ain't So" isn't about a girl. "Hash Pipe" isn't about a girl.
"Buddy Holly" is about a girl, but it was a platonic thing. "Island in the Sun" isn't about a girl… " , " It's
not? " , " Nuh-uh! " , " I guess this is all just up for interpretation. " , " "Beverly Hills" isn't about a girl.
"Perfect Situation" is about a girl. " , " That's true. "We Are All On Drugs" isn't about a girl. " , " No. " , "
"Keep Fishing"—is that about a girl? " , " I don't know! It's just—I don't know what I was saying. Maybe
it was? " , " So, I guess you're just left with the last six songs on "Pinkerton" and a few others " , " Well,
sure, there are album tracks, and B-sides. " , " Okay, so getting back to the original question: What are
some of the topics that you're writing about, now, in that case? " , " I'm working on a song called "Pig,"
which, ah, follows the life of a pig, from when it's just a little piglet on the farm, playing with other
animals, to a point where it's grown up and married and has kids, but then it eventually [laughs], it gets
slaughtered! " , " Hopefully, this isn't semi-autobiographical? " , " Not intentionally, no. And ah, but he's
singing to the farmer at the end of the song. He's forgiving him. As he's going to be slaughtered. " , "
That's very appropriate for Easter, I suppose. " , " [Laughs] " , " So, have you written any songs for your
fiancée? " , " I have in the past. I wouldn't say "for" her, but about her, about us. " , " When did you meet.
Was it while you were at Harvard? " , " Yeah. Er… " , " Or was it when you were not at Harvard, but
doing solo shows in Boston? " , " Yeah, I think it was that fall of ’97. " , " So, you've met, but you've only
recently gotten engaged. Did you guys lose touch between then? " , " We were friends for many years, and
then she moved back to Japan. " , " Is she Japanese, by birth? " , " Yeah. She lives in Japan. " , " Tokyo?
Kyoto? " , " Actually, a small city in Southern Japan. " , " She's not the "Across the Sea" girl, is she? " , "
No. Well, I don't think so. " , " So, why did she end up at this Rivers Cuomo solo show back in ’97? " , "
Well, I assume she wanted to see me perform! " , " But what was she doing in Boston? " , " Oh, she was
studying at a language school in Boston. " , " So, do you ever run songs by her? Use her as a pre-critic? " ,
" [Long pause] Um…no, no I don't think I have. I think I'd be too shy to play something for her. " , " Is it
that you think she'd be too critical? " , " Um…[pause]…I don't know. I just don't like performing! " , " So,
you'd never do a campus performance? A coffee house? " , " I thought about it. I went to the coffee house
here a few times, and I came close to going up there, but…I just…I don't like feeling nervous! " , " Why
do you still feel nervous, after all these years? Are you nervous of being judged? When you're about to go
on stage, what is the little devil on Rivers Cuomo's shoulder saying to him? " , " Ah…[long pause] I don't
even really know. I guess I haven't analyzed it that much, but, it's just like a physical feeling of fear. It's
the fight-or-flight response. Whatever those chemicals are, they just start pumping through my system,
and I don't like it. It's not comfortable. " , " What's more nerve-wracking—an exam, or a show? " , " The
most nerve-wracking experience is an oral presentation in class. And right under that would be doing
"Saturday Night Live" or "David Letterman." One of those shows. " , " So, does meditation help that fear?
" , " It's supposed to help that, for certain, but this particular kind of meditation, instead of repressing all
your pain, it brings it up to the surface. So, you're incredibly aware of it. And, by doing that, you slowly
purify it, and you're free from it forever. Not all meditations work like that. Most just repress the pain. So,
maybe I just haven't progressed far enough to where that fear has been dissolved, but I'm definitely more
aware of it than ever. " , " That's not the image people have of meditation—we usually think of sitting in a
lotus position and clearing your mind of questions. " , " That's the opposite of Vipassana. " , " So, what's
the basic task of Vipassana? " , " Observe physical sensations with equanimity. " , " When you say you
bring the pain to the surface, are you supposed to think about everything that makes you uncomfortable? "
, " No, you don’t force it. It just happens. And, again, you’re not focusing on the level of thought, so
much, but more on the level of sensations. How your body is reacting. You just observe that. " , " Are
there any particular fears you’ve managed to rid yourself of with Vipassana? " , " I think most all of my
pain has been attenuated. My fear and sadness and anxiety and anger—all of those things have
diminished, noticeably. " , " And you started Vipassana in 2003? Rick Rubin introduced it to you? " , "
Well, Rick introduced me to meditation, and then I discovered this particular technique on my own, just
by doing Internet research. " , " Are there a lot of Vipassana practicers in the Boston area? " , " I think
there’s about 200-something people on the Yahoo! news group for Vipassana in the Boston area. " , " Do
you know of any fans or friends of yours who have started Vipassana because of your experiences with it?
" , " My mom! " , " Now, your mom was involved with Eastern healing techniques since way back, right?
I mean, you were raised on an ashram… " , " Yeah, so it’s not that much of a jump for her. But my
fiancee’s gonna do a course on it with me this summer. " , " Well, she’ll be your wife by that point! " , "
Yeah! " , " So, you’re getting married in LA? " , " Mm-hm. " , " And you’re going to live in LA? " , "
Mm-hm. " , " Do you ever plan to come back to the Harvard campus? Will you come back for your 25th
reunion? " , " I might? The sad thing is that, each time I come back, it’s changed. So many of my friends
are gone, and I feel like I don’t belong, and then slowly, I get to know people again, and I feel great. But I
suspect that, in a few years, if I come back, everyone will be gone! " , " So, would you say that your main
connection with Harvard is to the people, not the institution? Would you ever want to come back to the
campus and revisit old ghosts and memories, or would it not mean anything to you because the people are
gone? " , " No, I would. I’d definitely like to walk through and remember experiences I’ve had. That can
be…heavy. But, at the same time, I don’t want to develop that ego of knowing I’m a Harvard graduate.
That’s not where I wanna go. " , " So, if one of your main concerns is with ego, why did you decide to
come back to Harvard? Do your friends, your bandmates, your fiancée look at you differently because
they know that you go to Harvard? " , " Yeah. I think that there’s a lot of baggage attached to the Harvard
name. I can’t deny that there was some trace of wanting to puff up my own ego in coming here. And I just
hope that wasn’t the only reason. I hope I had some purer motives, too. " , " Why did you decide to come
back in 2004? " , " I always have a tough time with "why" questions. There are probably several reasons
for coming back in 2004. One of them was definitely wanting to find somebody. " , " So, you weren’t
involved with your fiancée at that point? " , " Right. " , " She was living in Japan at the time? " , " Yeah.
You know, I wonder if I was engaged at that point, maybe I wouldn’t have come back to school. " , " So, it
wasn’t particularly out of a desire to finish your degree? " , " Well, that was there, too. A desire to finish
what I started, and also just a level of learning. A desire to take a break from music. " , " You’d been going
at it for about three years straight at that point, right? " , " Yeah. It was a lot of work. " , " So, school’s a
break for you? " , " Yeah, it’s always felt like a break. " , " You started out as a Music concentrator, but
then you switched to English. I’m surprised to hear you say you had such a powerful experience with one
of your music classes—I’d assumed you left Music as a concentration because you were frustrated with
your classes. If you weren’t frustrated with them, why did you switch? " , " I…[long pause]…I felt like I
didn’t really know how to play an instrument. " , " What do you mean? " , " Many of the other people in
the Music department are prodigies at the piano or the violin or something like that, and then they go into
composition in a modern style. Back then, it was 20th Century style—but not anymore, I guess. [laughs]
So, I’ll just say "Modern Style." But I didn’t know how to play those instruments, and I wasn’t really
familiar with modern Classical music, and the little I heard wasn’t appealing to me. I originally got into
studying music more because of the music of the 18th and 19th centuries. So, at that time, I didn’t really
see a place for me in Music. And, I felt like, although I haven’t been playing a serious musical instrument
for all my life, I have been working on English. I’ve been in English classes, reading, thinking critically,
and so that’s something I kind of have a lot of training in, and I’m relatively good at it, so I decided to do
that. " , " In your interview with the New York Times a few months ago, there was a quote, and I have a
feeling that it was taken out of context— " , " It was. " , " Which, the one about saying— " , " What I’m
"best at." " , " Right. What were you trying to say, with that? " , " Well, the question she asked was, "At
school, what is your best subject?" And, taken out of context, it makes it seem like I’m disregarding
anything I’ve done with the band, which, to me, I mean, it’s obvious that it’s been much more valuable to
me. The musical work I’ve done, more than anything I’ve written for an English class. " , " What’s been
your favorite English class? " , " Oh, wow. Well, I loved Creative Nonfiction Writing with Kyoko Mori. I
loved Shakespeare with Gordon Teskey. And I’m really getting a lot out of my classes, this semester, with
Lynn Festa. I find them really challenging. " , " What classes are they? " , " "Sex and Sensibility in the
Enlightenment," and "Travel Literature of the 18th Century." I feel like my brain is being stretched in new
directions, and it’s painful, but I think it’s a great experience. " , " Are the classes affecting your
songwriting? "Pinkerton" had a lot of Puccini in it, so do you find that you want to write about travel
literature by Voltaire, now? " , " [Laughs] I haven’t done enough writing lately to know how it’s
influenced me. I’m sure that it will influence me, as everything does. I can say that, ah, we’re reading a
book—"Colonial Slave Society"—and a lot of the descriptions of the treatment of the slaves in this book
are very moving, and it’s very likely that that could result in a song that’s an observation of the
slave-master relationship. I was thinking maybe, like the structure of that Cat Stevens song, "Father and
Son"—do you know it? He sings two different characters: in the low octave, he sings the voice of the
father, and then he jumps up an octave and sings the voice of the son. So, I could do that same thing with
the slave and master. " , " That would be an unexpected turn for Weezer. " , " But, you know, sometimes,
I’ll write a song about a specific situation…you know, like "The Sweater Song"—I’m writing about
existential despair, and everyone takes it another way, that I’m singing about a girl. So, if I write about
slave and master, it may come out in a way that doesn’t seem like a dramatic shift for us. It might seem
like, "Oh, he’s just writing another girl song." " , " There is a stereotype about you, that you have a certain
affinity, both in friendship and romance, for Asian girls. Do you feel that you’ve gotten any understanding
of that here? Or with your fiancée? I think you even wrote a blog entry recently about having finally
"found your half-Japanese girl"… " , " Oh, what I meant was, maybe I’m gonna have a half-Japanese
daughter, because my fiancée is Japanese. I forget what the line was. What did I say? " , " I have it here,
somewhere. I was being a bit of a MySpace stalker on your blog, I guess… " , " Well, that’s what it’s there
for! " , " Here it is: "Perhaps someday I’ll have a girl. A half-Japanese girl." " , " No, yeah I was talking
about my daughter. " , " But it’s interesting that you chose to phrase it that way… " , " Yeah, I wanted it to
be ambiguous. " , " So, that brings us back to the question: What is this fascination with women of Asian
descent? " , " [Laughs] No idea. " , " You haven’t come to any conclusions about that? " , " No. " , " Do
you ever worry that people think of you as a fetishist? " , " Um…[pause]…I guess I don’t know what
people think about me, and I guess I don’t worry about it that much. If somebody said something, that’d
be different. It never occurs me to dwell on what other people might be thinking. " , " But you’ve said in
the past that it’s still difficult for you to deal with written criticism. So, it’s only hard for you to deal with
it when people actually voice criticism? " , " I guess it would bother me if I knew what people were
thinking, but yeah, I guess that’s accurate. " , " So, you don’t sit in your room, paranoid, thinking about
what Harvard kids think about you? " , " [Laughs] I don’t think so! Too much homework! " , " Do you
have any security protocols that Harvard sets up for you? " , " I don’t know. I never requested anything,
but I think they labeled me as some kind of "special person." If you look me up on a computer in their
system, it probably says something like, "Don’t give out any information on this guy." " , " Were you ever
approached and asked if you wanted security? " , " No. " , " So, you’re walking to a seminar, you’re
running late, and someone walks up to you and asks for an autograph. What do you do? " , " Well, if it’s
something I can take care of in a few seconds, then I’ll take care of it. But, if they want a significant
amount of time, I say, "Shoot me an email, I gotta run to class right now." " , " How often do you respond
to emails and Facebook messages? " , " Less and less. In 2004, I responded to everyone. No matter who it
was, or how many emails I would get, I would respond to everybody. " , " That must have been
enormously time-consuming. " , " Well, you know, it probably couldn’t have taken more than a half-hour
every day. Just, do it all at once. But, this semester, I’ve kinda stopped doing that. " , " Just because you’re
not looking for somebody anymore? " , " I think so. I just…enh. Which is pretty selfish, I guess. " , "
You’ve made your AOL screenname available on Facebook, and you’re online quite a bit. What do you do
when you’re online? Do you actually chat, or does it automatically come online when you turn the
computer on? " , " No, I don’t have it set to turn on automatically. So, when I have it on, it’s because I’ve
chosen consciously to be online. It’s usually set to where I’m not visible to anybody except my Buddy
List. So, the reason you’re seeing me is because you’re on my Buddy List. " , " I’m honored. So, is that
how you keep in contact with your fiancée? " , " No. We talk on Skype. But AIM is mostly for my friends
at school. Mostly for my friends in Cabot, actually. " , " Do you feel uncomfortable with people coming to
your room? " , " I think, this semester, maybe only once or twice, somebody’s come to my room. But it’s
not really a great place to hang out. I mostly hang out in the cafeteria. A lot. " , " How do you think your
MySpace blog has affected your life and your privacy? Are you speaking genuinely? Do you run through
drafts and edit them? " , " It’s really tricky, because I’m not only exposing my life to the public, but I’m
also exposing the lives of the guys in the band and everyone around me on tour. So, I have a general rule
that I don’t wanna say anything that is gonna bum anyone out. So, I just make sure that, sometimes I have
to revise a blog several times before I post it. Sometimes, I’ll even run it by the other guys, and if it makes
them feel bad in any way, then I have to revise it. " , " So, if you’re going through revisions, why bother
keeping a blog? " , " [Laughs] There you go with the "why" questions, again! " , " Sorry—but it’s sort of a
big question, isn’t it? That’s where you announced that you were engaged, you put your Harvard
application essays up there…obviously, you put some personal stuff up there. So, does something happen,
and you just say, "I wanna write about that?" " , " I think there are several layers of motivation, again. One
of them is kind of a flirtation, a way to meet girls, a way to find somebody. It’ll be interesting to see if I
continue writing blogs, now that I’m engaged. I think I’ve written once since I got engaged. But then,
also, it’s just like a way to put out songs and get positive feedback from people. A feeling of approval and
praise, and feeling like you’re communicating your innermost self to people. " , " Do you feel that you
express things on your blog that you can’t express in song? " , " The new songs are actually, kind of
"bloggy." " , " How so? " , " More personal details, and just a lot more information. Just a lot more
detailed information. " , " Do people’s responses to your blog posts make you realize what you were really
trying to say in the entry? " , " Oh yeah, all the time. " , " Can you think of any particular instances? " , "
Well, there’s one, I think, called "The Man," writing about Scott. I don’t remember the anecdote, but I was
in a situation with Pat and Scott, and I was trying to say how great Scott was in how he handled this
situation, and what people took away from it was, "Wow, what a dick Pat is!" And I realized that I’d been
using Pat as a foil to Scott, and I had to smooth that out, somehow. The blog is like a big workshop. " , "
How so? " , " Well, like, in Creative Nonfiction Writing with Kyoko Mori, I’d have to bring in my essay,
and then everyone would read it and write their critiques, and then we’d all discuss it, and that’s kind of
what’s happening with the blog. " , " What did you write about in the class? " , " I wrote an essay about
my experience with celibacy, and then I wrote one essay about my ex-girlfriend, and by the time I ended
up revising them, they were two completely different essays. " , " That was because of comments? " , "
Somewhat. I mean, it’s such a painful experience that I basically decided to scrap those essays and start
over. " , " So, you’re trying to rid yourself of pain, but it sounds like this was a really powerful experience
because of the pain that you went through. Do you feel like you still want to stick a knife into yourself,
emotionally? " , " No! No more knives! " , " Not metaphorical or physical? So what do you do to motivate
yourself to write, now? " , " Well, you’d be surprised. As you become more detached from your inner
pain, then you have so much mental energy and sense of freedom and love of experimentation and all
your routines, and methods just dissolve away, and it’s just fun. " , " Do you have a quota for
yourself—"I’m gonna write a song each week," or something? " , " No, nothing like that at all. Just, when
it happens, it happens. I started a new song, called "East Coast or West Coast." " , " That sounds
significant! Who wins—East Coast or West Coast? " , " Well, I don’t make it clear in the song. But, the
West Coast did end up winning. When I was in my last meditation course, I was obsessing about "Where
do I want to live—East Coast or West Coast?" And so many thoughts would come up about either coast,
and I said, "Hey, I should write a song about that." So, what it’s gonna be, is I’m gonna be in the center
speaker, wondering what I should do. Then, Brian’s gonna be in the left speaker, arguing on behalf of the
West Coast, and Scott will be on the right, arguing on behalf of the East Coast. And we’ll all just be
singing and rapping to each other. " , " Have you been feeling more comfortable with your bandmates,
lately? There were well-documented periods of tension. " , " Well, it’s just like any other family. We’re
really close, and none of us are perfectly enlightened beings, so sometimes there’s tension, but it’s sooo
much better than it used to be. I mean, in the early days, we were really young, and suddenly, we were
successful, and we all developed egos, and it was really difficult, but you know—how were we supposed
to know how to handle all that? Over time, we’ve just gotten so much more comfortable with each other.
They’re going to be my groomsmen at the wedding. " , " Who’s the Best Man? " , " My brother. " , "
Leaves? " , " Yeah. " , " Along those lines, I have to point out—the Rivers who is talking to me right now
doesn’t sound like the Rivers who, posting on the Weezer message board circa 2002, said, "Is anyone in
here man enough to admit that "Only in Dreams" is boring? That the vocals are contrived? That the lyrics
are GAY as hell? GAY! GAY! GAY! DISNEYGAY!" " , " [Laughs] That’s so great that you remember
that! It’s amazing that that information’s still out there! " , " Well, it was in the unauthorized biography,
"Rivers’ Edge"—have you seen it? " , " Oh, right. I heard that it wasn’t very accurate. " , " Have you tried
to suppress it? " , " No, I just didn’t want to participate in it, but apart from that, there’s nothing I can do
to stop it. " , " So, the Rivers that I’m talking to now doesn’t sound like the Rivers who would be
combative with fans or interviewers in the past. Do you feel like you’ve changed, or have you put on a
mask? " , " I feel like, in my core, I’m pretty consistent. But, in different times in my life, I go through
different phases. I guess it’s like trying different approaches to life, and seeing what works. " , " So, it’s
like trying something and seeing whether it sticks? " , " Yeah, and I’m making it sound like it’s a
conscious thing, but I don’t think it is. It’s more like, just, I feel an instinct to read certain books and try
different social techniques, mental techniques with myself. Some phases have been pretty painful, not just
for myself, but for people around me. " , " Do you feel any sort of kinship with alterna-rock peers like
Stephen Malkmus and Beck, who, like you are getting married and having kids? " , " I guess I’m not very
aware of what other people are doing, but I can say that, within my band, that’s what’s happening. Scott
just got married and they’re trying to have kids. Pat and his wife just had a kid. And yeah, my friends
around me, children and wives. " , " Did you feel pressure to say, "I need to get married—Here’s a girl,
let’s do this" ? " , " I don’t know if it was pressure, but it definitely seems like marriage and babies are
kind of contagious. It seems like it’s happening all of a sudden to a bunch of us. An example—2002, I
went to the World Cup with my good friends, Justin, Todd, and Ivan. Justin had a girlfriend at the time,
but the rest of us were totally single, going out on the town, the whole deal. Justin certainly wasn’t
married, either. But this world cup, we’re basically all gonna be married, and Justin’s gonna have a kid.
Just in for years—bam. " , " I guess that’s what happens in your mid-30s. You described in your blog that
you view your decision to get married as something close to choosing a lifestyle, rather than being swept
up with emotion. Is that still how you feel? Do you have doubts? " , " I think I’ve been skeptical of violent
passion for a long time. I think "Pinkerton" is about that, a lot—seeing how, every time I’ve felt really
passionate for someone, as soon as I "acquire" them, or feel like I’ve acquired them, the passion goes
away. That’s how that album concludes, and I just don’t feel secure in that, for a life. I want to build my
life on something more stable. " , " But I assume you do feel romantic affection for your fiancée? How
would you characterize your relationship? Do you have to justify it? " , " You know, so far, no one’s really
asked me about it. This is the first time. I don’t think anyone’s asked me about it. " , " I guess I only know
about it from your blog posts. " , " I don’t have enough perpective on those posts, yet, but I feel like that
was, in a way, me breaking off this long flirtation I’ve had with Weezer fan-girls. " , " Like, that was you
declaring, "It’s over, folks?" " , " It was in a very gradual way. Post by post, I’d reveal a little bit more.
Like, "Alright, it’s kinda looking like something’s gonna happen! If you wanna try to stop me, now’s your
last chance!" That sort of thing. " , " But do you feel that your relationship with your fiancée is based
largely on trying to get rid of that past? " , " It’s a very instinctual thing. I just feel like I reached a very
calm and stable place within myself, relatively speaking, and suddenly, this instinct came up that she’s the
one. " , " And she felt similarly? " , " I wouldn’t say she felt similarly. " , " Did you have to convince her?
" , " Well, at that point, I started calling her again, and going to see her, and I think we both had to take it
step by step and make sure that it was, indeed, right. But I think that with each step we took, it just felt
more right. " , " When did you get engaged? " , " Right before Christmas. " , " And was that in Japan. " , "
In Japan, yes. " , " Now, you’re saying you want to break away from Weezer fan-girls, but wasn’t she a
Weezer fan-girl? What was she doing at this solo concert back in 1997? " , " I presume she was a Weezer
fan, yeah. " , " So, she hasn’t talked about that? " , " Well, I know she was a Weezer fan, and I presume
that’s why she was there. " , " So, has that dynamic ever interfered with your relationship? " , "
Thankfully, I haven’t thought along those lines very much. I just kind of forget how we met, and she’s just
my woman. And I just don’t even really question it. I suppose, if I wanted to torture myself, I could!
[Laughs] " , " If Rivers, as of graduation, could go back in time and talk to Rivers, as of matriculation,
what would he say to that other Rivers? " , " "Meditate. Everything else will take care of itself." " , " Has
Harvard humbled you or made you more self-assured? " , " It’s humbled me, massively. Yeah. But,
self-assurance isn’t so essential, once you’ve really been humbled. There’s not as much to be assured
about. " , " That’s interesting, because copies of your grade transcripts are online, and you were getting all
A’s, at least in the ’90s. So, obviously, if you’re on par with other students, how has Harvard humbled
you? " , " Well…[pause]…hmm. I don’t know that I am intellectually on par with everyone. I have gotten
really good grades, but, perhaps, like a lot of people here, I feel that I’m not…[laughs]…I’m not as smart
as everyone else. I’m just constantly amazed at how smart everyone is, and how articulate they are, and
how insightful…it’s very humbling. " , " In interviews from 1995, you were reluctant to say what school
you went to. Why? " , " I was probably worried that people would think I was showing off by saying "I go
to Harvard" in an interview. " , " Did you decide to come here on a whim? " , " Not really. I was in
community college when Weezer was playing, and I intended to transfer to UC-Berkeley. " , " And you
got accepted there, right? " , " Right. And as soon as we took off, I became very uncomfortable with that
lifestyle, and I had these really intense fantasies of going to an East Coast college, an Ivy League college,
and getting married and settling down there and living a really quiet life, an intellectual life, and being as
anti-rock as I could. " , " Do you feel that you’ve accomplished part of that goal? " , " Yeah, I think a lot of
the good parts of that fantasy have become a reality for me, and so far, I haven’t had to leave behind the
good parts of the rock life, either. So, Weezer was touring through Boston, and I came and just walked
through the campus in what must’ve been, like, ’94, and I just picked up an application. I just felt like,
"Man, I gotta get in!" " , " You also used to say that you liked the anonymity. Did people really not know
who you were, when you were here in the ’90s? I mean, The Blue Album was pretty big, and you had the
"Rivers Cuomo glasses" and everything—you must have been kind of hard to miss. " , " You know, it’s
hard for people of your age, I think, to remember at that time, but even though Weezer was popular and
had a very successful album, I wasn’t singled out as a celebrity. We were kind of a faceless band. I mean,
you point out the glasses, but I didn’t wear the glasses in the "Buddy Holly" video, and I didn’t wear them
on the cover of the album, either. Only in the "Say It Ain’t So" video. So, I walk into Harvard with pretty
long hair and a really long, bushy beard, glasses, and walking around with a cane. And, on top of that fact,
our album was not successful with college kids—it was successful with ten-year-olds! " , " Really? " , "
Yeah. Kids loved it. But college kids didn’t. It’s interesting, because the same thing is happening now. The
people who loved "Beverly Hills" are primarily younger kids. " , " That makes sense, given that people of
my class were about 10 when the "Buddy Holly" video came out, and by the time you guys started to
resurface, we were all on our way to college, so we thought of it as "college rock." " , " Yeah. " , " One
last question—You’ve talked in a lot of interviews, and in this interview, and in your blog, about being
frustrated with yourself, frustrated that you are frustrated with yourself, frustrated about trying to achieve
perfection…these sound like very typical Harvard traits. " , " [Laughs] " , " Do you feel like a Harvard
man, because of that? Do you feel like you fit in here, as you leave this place? " , " Yeah, I really do.
Especially my friends here in Cabot. I feel a real bond with them. I think we have a lot in common. I see a
lot of similar traits—people are really hard on themselves here, and they could definitely stand to ease up
on themselves a little bit. " , " So, do you plan to come back? If you’re touring Boston, will you just come
back to the campus? " , " Oh, I definitely will. But I suspect that no one will notice me."]
["Were you surprised by the response to the shows you did last summer? " , "We were totally astonished.
The first few shows we booked were just these tiny little clubs, like 100 people or something; we were
afraid no one would come or people would laugh and throw things. Those did well, so we did the Warped
Tour; then we were sure people were gonna throw things at us, 'cause we're not a punk band. But everyone
loved us there, and the whole rest of the summer sold out. Now this Yahoo! tour is selling like crazy. We
keep getting surprised. " , " Were you concerned about whether Weezer would survive without Matt? " , "
Yes, I can't believe we ever survived without him. But those doubts came at a time when there were just a
million other doubts, anyway. Your brain is always searching for reasons to doubt yourself; I'm pretty
experienced with that, and I don't let it stop me from moving forward. Although Weezer is my first
professional band, I've been in bands since I was 13. I've had my best friends quit on me and overcame
that, and eventually made it. I remember one time as a kid, man, my 15-year-old pal quit on me, and I
thought, 'Now I'm never gonna make it.' But you do move on. " , " It seems surprising that you'd suffer
from a lack of confidence. " , " Well, maybe confidence is the wrong word. Maybe I'm not lacking
confidence. I just wasn't feeling exactly what I wanted to say at the time, artistically; part of the time I was
in school, and part of the time I wasn't doing anything. So I just kept waiting and trying and trying and
hoping that I would really feel something." , " Did you graduate from Harvard? " , " I didn't graduate. I
did three years. That was one of the decisions that I made; I knew that at least I was sure I really wanted
to concentrate on writing songs and facing this business. And to do that, I knew I had to get out of school
and concentrate on it. " , " How was life in the Ivy League?" , " I loved it. It was totally fun. That was
definitely the smartest group of people I've ever been around, and motivated and hard-working. It was
incredible. I was expecting people to be more kind of stuck up and intellectually snooty, but everyone was
really down to earth and well mannered and outgoing." , " How did your classmates relate to you, since
they were probably pretty familiar with your music?" , " Geez, it's so long ago ... I think everyone gave me
space. They didn't harass me about it at all. I was way more insecure about it going in than I should have
been, I think, plus the fact that everyone is so into their own trip and working so hard, and they all have
such high hopes for themselves. And there are so many other celebrity types there, too, in their own fields,
so I didn't stand out as much. " , " What would happen when you were at a party or in a bar, and one of
your songs would come on? " , " That sucks. I'd try to leave as quickly as possible. I don't know, I
probably just put my head down and tried to fade into the woodwork. " , " You played some new songs on
the road last summer. Will those be on the new album, and what do the rest of the new songs sound like? "
, " Well, the stuff we played on that summer tour has long been replaced by other songs. I just wake up in
the morning and write a song everyday, and throw out the old ones. I guess it sounds pretty much exactly
like our other records; it's kind of heavy pop music. " , " Do you have a particular songwriting method? " ,
" That's something I became very interested in myself over the last few years. I tried a million different
ways and took copious notes on the results of each method. I think, for me, it's probably best to start out
with a little something on guitar, and then a melody and then some lyrics. But definitely you've got to
have some restraint when you're starting out with a guitar riff so the following steps can have some life to
them as well. That's why it helps to write in the morning, when you're all mellow; if you're super-excited
about something, you write this insane riff that has no room for melody. So I found that if you keep taking
these small little steps as you're writing and arranging, and rehearsing, it builds and builds and builds into
a nice, heavy song that's not too over the top. " , " How much do the songs tend to change between their
conception and the finished product? " , " I guess it's kind of like the difference between a sketch and a
finished painting, maybe; all the proportions are the same, but you just fill in all the details and flesh it out.
It's still the same song. " , " What kind of input are you looking for from the other guys at this point? " , "
First of all, not to screw it up, not to overplay or get in the way -- but then, also, to give a solid
performance and just put in that bit of personality that really makes it three-dimensional. I never coax or
coach; we just play and it happens. In fact, if I start giving suggestions I always wind up regretting it and
screwing things up. We've done so many songs now that we don't have to think about it too much; we just
play it, and it happens. " , " How did you decide on Ric Ocasek, who you've worked with before, to
produce?" , " Well, we made a big list of producers that we might want to work with, and we just realized
he's the only candidate. We know him, we trust him, we like him. " , " You're 30 now. Was it traumatic
hitting that landmark age?" , " I didn't pay much attention, really. I love getting older, though. I just feel
like I have more control over the universe -- or my small corner of it, at least."]
["How are you today? ","Good." , " Are you tired or are you awake?" , " I'm awake, headed towards tired.
I've had a pretty hectic day, but I'm feeling good." , " What have you been doing today that's worn you
out?" , " I don't know really, but it seems to take up a lot of energy." , " Well why don't you tell me what
you've been doing today so that people know what one of your days is like." , " Just dealing with stress on
about 50 different fronts at once. All having to do with tying up loose ends of the record and preparing for
all the promotion we're gonna have to do. That means finishing up artwork for the record and the single,
and finishing up the music on the album as well. Picking the songs, picking the order, running to the
studio to make some last-minute changes, 'cause I'm never satisfied. And then dealing with a conference
call with the person from the record company, my manager, and the head of MTV. Everyone's screaming
at me that we chose the wrong first single and then me screaming back that they're all crazy." , " What's
wrong with the single?" , " Well, it's insane. That's their objection to it. And it's very un-Weezer." , "
Insane in what way?" , " Well, it's a song about being a teenage transvestite drug addict prostitute. And for
some reason they all have a problem with that." , " Do you have the final say on what the single is, or can
they overrule you and just be like, 'You're an idiot, this is what we're doing?'" , " I basically have final say
on everything in the Weezer universe. Except, I definitely litesn to other people's advice on things,
especially in regards to singles. Because when we turned in the first album I thought I knew everything
about everything and I said, 'Whatever you people do, don't put out 'Buddy Holly' or 'The Sweater Song'
as singles.' And eventually they talked me out of it and I was proven terribly wrong." , " So are you
thinking that maybe they're right on this one, too?" , " Yeah, well when you're caught up in an argument,
sometimes you are unable to doubt from the back of your head that maybe they're right. 'Cause when
you're angry all you really hear is yourself. And that's kind of what today was like." , " And when you say
it is an un-Weezer-like song, is that lyrically or musically?" , " Both. In every possible way it's
un-Weezer-like." , " I was reading an article about The Guitar Institute in Los Angeles, and it said that
someone in Weezer went to The Guitar Institute." , " When I first moved here, I was enrolled in that
school. But I never actually went. In fact, I was expelled." , " Why were you expelled?" , " Because I
never went. Basically it was a cover so I could tell my parents I was coming out here to go to 'school', so
they would pay my rent for a little while." , " You didn't even hang out at The Guitar Institute or
anything?" , " No. I never went there." , " And did your parents have to pay tuition for it?" , " [pause] It
was a very irresponsible thing to do. And I highly recommend it for anyone who is desperately
ambitious." , " You know, one of the selling points the school uses is that you went there." , " That I went
there? Like, my name?" , " I don't remember if they used your name specifically, but when they list the
famous people who went there, they say one of the members of Weezer went there." , " Well, I can't speak
for the other members, but I can say I never actually went there, although I was enrolled. I don't have a
diploma or anything like that, because I was expelled." , " Is it true that your band's name is a reflection of
your love of Ween and Geezer Butler of Black Sabbath?" , " No, I never heard that one." , " Is Rivers
Cuomo your real name or your punk name?" , " Rivers Cuomo is the name I was given at birth." , " It's not
like Jello Biafra. combing your love of Mario Cuomo and River Phoenix?" , " [laughs] I never heard that
one either. The flaw in that theory is that I think River and I were born in the same year. So my parents
couldn't really have named me after him." , " Are they hippies, your parents?" , " Yeah, they were. What's
interesting is that I have a brother named Leaves, and I believe he [River Phoenix] had a brother named
Leaf." , " And what do your parents do now?" , " They're ex-hippies." , " Do they still live on the east
coast?" , " Yeah." , " And what do they do?" , " Well, it depends on what you mean by my parents." , "
OK. Who did you grow up with?" , " I grew up with my mom and my ex-stepfather." , " And are you
close to them still?" , " Um...reasonably close, but drifting further every day." , " You're not writing any
Eminem-style songs about your mom, though?" , " He totally disses his mom, right?" , " He talks about
killing her. And she's suing him." , " Oh. I don't have any songs about killing my mom yet." , " Why are
you drifting from your mom further and further?" , " I don't know, I guess it's just part of growing up. We
used to be very close." , " Does she like your music?" , " Does she like my music? I think, ironically, that
the older I get, the more she likes my music. Like when I was a teenager, of course she hated my music,
because it was all like Slayer. She hated that stuff. But, I think she's really gonna like my new record. It's
very mom-friendly. Except for the song about the teenage transvestite drug addict prostitute." , " Have you
ever known any transvestite prostitutes?" , " No, I have no idea where that song came from." , " You didn't
do any research, like you and Eddie Murphy going out?" , " No, I picked one of the few times I tried to
write a song when I was totally drunk. I'd had a lot of tequilla, and then I started writing a song and it
came out like that." , " Can you explain why it takes you so long to put out albums? Is that something
everyone's asking you?" , " Actually, I hadn't heard that particular question yet. This one took a long time
for a million reasons. I had to get my confidence back. Basically I had to wait to have some kind of
conviction about what I wanted to say to the world. And now it's being tied up by a million technical
problems and record company problems. The second album didn't take a long time to come out. We were
busy that whole time touring...and then the first record took 23 years to put out, but I think that's the
average for a first album." , " Knowing the tentativeness for rock stardom, do you worry that it was a
mistake waiting this long to put out your third record?" , " I don't think we really pay attention to the
whole rock star thing. We're happy as long as we can keep making records around the world and keep
playing our songs." , " Right, but there's bands who were highly touted, and then suddenly...like, Peter
Tork is suddenly playing in tiny coffeehouses." , " Wait, who's Peter Tork?" , " Peter Tork from the
Monkees." , " Oh, right. I think we avoided that whole trap." , " So you weren't thinking about that the
whole time, like, 'What if suddenlt no one cares about us anymore and we're playing for 10 people
again?'" , " I think we just always assumed that no one cared about us." , " Did you write all songs on the
new album?" , " Yeah." , " Do you think at all about your own cultural significance, or how people
perceive you as you're writing songs?" , " I try not to think at all, really." , " Because a lot of people talk
about the difference between the first and second record..." , " Honestly, I wasn't thinking about anything.
I was just writing whatever sounded cool." , " So you weren't thinking, 'People think we're too pop, I've
gotta make a harder rocking statement this time.'" , " No, of course not. Whenever I've consciously set out
to create a certain type of song, it always comes out sounding contrived. The only way that I can do it, is
just forget about everything and write what I hear." , " After the first record you went back to college
right?" , " I've kinda been going back and forth between college and bands since I was 13." , " You were
going to college when you were 13?" , " Well, I mean between school and bands. I was going to college
when I was 16, though." , " And what did you end up going back to study after the first record?" , " It's
always just been general education. I've taken a 101 class in every possible field." , " And you never
picked a major or anything?" , " No." , " So you never got your college diploma?" , " No, I'm like two
semesters shy of actually getting a diploma." , " You can get a diploma in general education from
Harvard?" , " No, I can probably get a diploma in anything from Harvard, because I've studied just about
everything there." , " Did you worry about, when you were going to college, that this would make you too
smart to play rock and rool? Like, David Lee Roth and Gene Simmons, they never would stop to go back
to college in the middle of their careers." , " Um...I don't...I don't really feel like I was getting smarter." , "
Why did you decide to college instead of hanging at home reading books and playing in a band?" , " I
actually didn't put a lot of thought into it, it's just like sitting in the van every day on tour, and then we
came into Boston to play, and I was just walking around town and I walked through Harvard and I was
just like, 'This is a really cool place.' So I picked up an application, filled it out, and that was it. I didn't put
a lot of thought into it." , " What was your essay about?" , " My essay was about how boring it was to tour
in a rock band. It's just one of the most embarrassing things I've ever committed to paper, and I hope no
one ever reads it. I was a very unhappy person at the time, very frustrated, and I vented all my frustration
in this application essay." , " And it worked! Were your parents pushing you, saying the rock thing is
foolish, it's time to go back to college?" , " No, my mom was saying it's foolish to quit being a rock star,
she wanted me to stay out of college!" , " Really? So you were still rebelling by going to college instead
of being in a band?" , " Exactly." , " Now, talking to a couple young ladies about doing this interview, they
all started talking to me about how cute your band is." , " How cute our band is?" , " Yeah, which I didn't
expect, being a man, and someone who is attracted to women, I didn't look at you guys and go, 'Man,
they're cute.' But apparently, the ladies think you're cute. And they want to know which members of
Weezer have girlfriends." , " Well, I'm not cute. And that's what kinda confuses people, because usually
it's the lead singer who's supposed to be attractive." , " They thought that everyone in Weezer was cute." ,
" Well, they're wrong. But the other guys are very attractive, and I think that's why we do have some
ladies in the crowd every night." , " Who's the cutest Weezer?" , " That depends on who you ask." , " In
your opinion." , " I'm not really attracted to any of them. But I think the younger girls prefer Brian, and
the older rock chicks prefer Mikey, and the dorky young guys prefer me." , " Do you manage to go home
with a lot of fellas on tour? Or are they just hitting on you?" , " I don't think they're into me in that way." ,
" Oh, I thought that's what you were saying. So, you don't have a girlfriend?" , " No, I just got a girlfriend
actually. It's my first girlfriend in 10 years. I haven't had a girlfriend since I was 19, I think." , " Is it
because you're shy in general?" , " That certainly plays a part, but I'd day the circumstances in my life did
not lend themselves to forming any kind of lasting relationship." , " So now that you have a girlfriend, do
you have tour privleges, or are you supposed to be true to her?" , " I don't think that part of the deal has
been negotiated yet. It's a very recent agreement." , " And what do you think you're going to do? There are
lots of females who are gonna read this and wonder, 'Should I hit on Rivers or not?'" , " I haven't so much
as kissed one groupie in the last four or five years, so I don't see why I would suddenly start doing it now
that I have a girlfriend." , " Did Weezer have a lot of groupie action before that, on the first tour?" , " It's
tough for me to speak for the other guys, so I'll only speak for myself. The first two years of touring I had
no groupie action at all. Maybe that's not true; I think like the second show we ever played, before we
even had a hit song on the radio, I got together with a girl for one night, and I felt guilty. And I didn't do it
again for the next two years." , " Why did you feel guilty? Wasn't that something you were thinking about
when you were a young man, thinking about being in KISS?" , " Yeah, of course, that was the prime
motivation, that's what I was looking forward to. And then I had the opportunity and I just froze. And then
we put the second album out and I was committed to overcoming that repressed part of myself, and I went
probably a little too far in the other way." , " What happened?" , " Well, I probably just went a little too
crazy, and everyone got pissed at me." , " Because you were having too many groupie experiences?" , "
Yeah, basically. I guess." , " And why were they pissed at you? What was the craziest thing you did that
pissed them off?" , " Well, I'm trying to bury that part of my life, so I don't want to revisit it too much in
the press. There's plenty of rumors going around that aren't true, but some of them are." , " You wanna tell
one rumor that's not true?" , " Well, anything about me with underage girls is not true." , " What about the
threesomes and everything?" , " Threesomes is an underestimate." , " What's a legitimate estimate?" , "
Like I said, I prefer to move on with my life and not piss people off anymore." , " Are there any songs
about that on the new record?" , " No, this is a very sweet and innocent record. Apart from that song about
the teenage transvestite drug addict prostitute, that is our first single." , " It seems that after that first tour
you should've felt better about being cute, or attractive." , " I don't think any girl was ever with me
because I was cute, it was more because I was famous." , " Did you know that was the only reason, that
they weren't interested in you..." , " Yeah, I could tell." , " Was that a bummer?" , " It's pretty emotional
unsatisfying." , " Why did you get braces?" , " I would think the reason is obvious." , " Was it to look
cuter? Shane McGowan never got braces. Barbra Streisand never got her nose fixed. Was it medically
necessary, or was it cosmetically necessary?" , " I don't think anyone ever commented that my teeth
weren't straight, it was more the teeth in the back of my mouth, I have a thing for symmetry and for good
form, and when something needs to be straightened out, I go ahead and do it." , " How long were the
braces on?" , " I'm still wearing them. I have Invisiliners now." , " I read that you didn't want to do any
appearances until the braces were off." , " I got those metal things off after about a year, and I have these
plastic things in that I can actually remove if I ever had to go on TV again." , " You didn't think it would
be extra cool to get like, the gold braces, or the colored braces? You didn't think to create this whole new
fashion with the braces?" , " I think I already looked fucked up enough." , " Have you ever gone to a
shrink?" , " Once." , " How long did you go to him for?" , " Probably about 45 minutes. I think I was 16,
and he was a total loser. He had his fly down through the whole process without realizing it. It was
difficult to take him seriously." , " You never thought about seeing a shrink again, even when you were
really depressed?" , " Never. I wouldn't be able to get over the feeling that I was smarter and more
perceptive than any shrink."]
["What led you to send a 'Maladroit' sampler to journalists and radio stations without submitting the
album to your label? " , "
We hadn't talked to the label in four months, and I guess there was no one around telling us what to do. So
we just made a record and sent it around. I think we had a big fight [with the label] about something -- I
don't even remember what it was about. We just weren't seeing eye-to-eye anymore and there was just no
reason to talk to them. We're a self-sufficient band." , "But then you sent a letter to radio stations asking
them to stop playing the album. Why? " , "The record company took note, and they were very upset. They
said, 'Rivers, we have to stop this now, so please write a letter to all the radio stations asking them to not
play your songs.' They were angry, and I don't really know what the hell I'm doing, so I didn't really have
a choice. What I was supposed to say? At the end of the day, they have a frightening amount of power
over my life. If they wanted to, they could pretty much completely end our career and make it impossible
for us to release music anymore. It's frustrating for us, because it's our album. We made it, we paid for the
thing, and we sent it out to everybody. We got it on the radio. We got the attention from press. And now,
unfortunately, they have the right to claim ownership of it -- so we have to turn it over. " , "And are you
going to? " , "Unless I totally freak out. They requested the masters -- they definitely want to put it out
now." , " They didn't want to before? " , "My understanding was that they were opposed to the idea of us
putting out an album so quickly after the last one. We had played them early versions of the songs, and
they definitely were not into them. I'm under the impression that's one of the things we were fighting
about: They didn't like the direction we were going in. They said it sounded too much like Lynyrd
Skynyrd -- seriously. This one guy at the company is paranoid about classic rock, and if we do anything
remotely [like] classic rock, he gets totally bummed out on us. And recently, we've just really been in a
Skynyrd mood. [A label spokesperson declined to respond to Cuomo's comments, except to say: 'When
Rivers is ready to put out his record, Geffen is ready to put it out.'] " , "You also pulled down the MP3
section from your Web site. Was that at the label's request? " , "Yeah. It's a shame too, because the most
important thing in the world to me is getting our songs out there. And we have a ton of them and I wish
we could just constantly put new songs up for people to hear. We just recorded 10 to 15 new songs and if I
had my way, I'd put them up right now, so everyone could download them. See, that's what I'd do if we
owned the masters. I'd do stuff like that. Just give the music away for free. [Geffen has since agreed to the
return of the MP3 section.]" , "Um, but how would you earn a living, then? " , "I don't know. It's just
karma -- somehow we'd get paid back. I guess maybe from concerts or....But now they want the album
and unfortunately they have the right to claim ownership of the tapes. It's crazy. It's totally unfair. I mean,
that's us on the tape. That's me singing. Those are our songs. That's us rocking out. How come they can
just walk in and pick up the tapes and say, they're ours? They didn't even pay for 'em -- we paid for 'em. I
don't know. We don't really worry ourselves about it. The goal is just to make music and get it out there.
And to have tons of people singing along to our songs. That's what makes us happy. I swear we pretty
much just put the whole business side of things out of our minds and keep rocking. Unfortunately, through
neglecting the business side, it's like our business problems are just piling up. I guess that's what happens
when you don't have a manager. [laughs]" , "
So what are you going to do about it? " , "I have no idea. I don't really care, either, because at the end of
day no one can stop us from getting together and playing and as long as we can do that we'll be happy." ,
"And if and when the record comes out on Geffen? " , "We'd just ignore it. We don't really bother
ourselves with the actual album. All our fans already have the songs -- they downloaded them off the Web
site before it got shut down." , "How did you guys get this far from where you were last year? " , "I think
it was gradually getting more and more focused on making music and turning away from the idea of
trying to be a successful product. It was probably a year ago that we fired our manager and we just started
to veer off into outer space. I really think it was the best thing we ever did, because we don't have people
whispering in our ears all the time trying to steer us back onto a normal course. We've been free to just do
whatever we want to do, and figure out what it is we want to do. And that's led us to where we are, for
better or worse." , "And yet it seems like a creatively fertile time for you. 'Maladroit' is the
biggest-sounding rock you've ever done. " , "Yeah, we feel the same way, and we're really excited about
moving forward and just developing from there. Now we're starting to try songs that the other guys wrote
and that the other guys sing on. We just have a very relaxed and live and creative feel in the studio. It's our
home."]
["It seems like you've reached a point in your life when you no longer need to suffer for your art.",
"I really don't need to suffer. I can really become a happy person and still make good music, in fact, better
music. But until the music tells us that, I don't want to make that claim. I don't think 'Make Believe' is
enough proof.",
"'Make Believe' is Weezer's first happy album? ",
"Yeah. It's just the first few years of being a Vipassana meditator, so. And I think a vast improvement on
our fourth album. We'll have to see how the next one is.",
"You recently said, 'Vipassana is a less well-known form of meditation in this country and I'm not sure
why that is. I think so far, the press has misunderstood the purpose of the apparent austerities.' What is the
press getting wrong about Vipassana?",
"I went through a real ascetic phase, but that was before I was a Vipassana meditator. That was at the
height of my misery at the beginning of 2003.",
"I don't know why, but I have this real streak of self-flagellation. I'm not sure where it comes from. But
once I started meditating, all that went away and now I live pretty comfortably. I mean, this is kind of
spartan compared to what most rock stars live like, but, it's comfortable.",
"Actually, the Buddha did the same thing. Before he became enlightened, it was several years where he
was living on hardly any food and really beating himself up, thinking that that would lead to happiness.
And that was actually pretty common in India at that time, for people to try those kinds of ascetic
practices. But he actually turned away from that and tried what he called 'the middle path', and all of his
friends that had been practicing with him thought he was like a total wimp for bailing out on harsh
asceticism. And he started eating and taking care of his body and making sure he was healthy and
practicing Vipassana meditation. And that's how he became enlightened, became happy.",
"You spoke about the focus on meditation being concentration.",
"Well, that's kind of like half of it. In the Vipassana course, the first three days are pure concentration
exercise, and then the next seven days are Vipassana, which is more than that. You're not just trying to
focus your mind, but you're trying to draw up all the deep negativities from your unconscious and purify
them. My understanding of it keeps evolving as I experience more, so I may have said that at one point,
but there's more to it now.",
"Your recent trip to India was filmed for possible inclusion in a documentary?",
"There's a filmmaker in Washington, D.C., who got funding from Geffen Records to film this trip. She
wants to make a film about me and Vipassana. The record company owns the footage, so anything could
happen with it. She's hoping that she'll be able to get some other funding to turn it into the film she wants
to make.",
"A film like that could get a lot of people looking into Vipassana. How do you feel about being the
unofficial spokesman for Vipassana?",
"I just gotta keep reminding myself: Every time I do an interview or something my volition really has to
be just to serve, to help people. Not to feel like I'm important.",
"I noticed a copy of 'Robinson Crusoe' on your desk. Are you reading it right now?",
"Yep. Well, it's really exciting, inspiring. It reminded me of Thoreau. Reminded me of 'Walden'. So I
imagine it must have been one of Thoreau's inspirations. And it also reminded me of my time in solitude
at Vipassana courses and stuff like that. One thing that really struck me is, what he writes about for some
reason comes across as so cruel. Like there's so little feeling of compassion or regret that he has to kill the
animals to survive. I'm not sure what to make of it yet. The way he describes it is so cold.",
"Any guesses as to where the coldness comes from?",
"It never occurred to him that the suffering of the animals is something to worry about or to feel sorry
about. And maybe that was just a product of the times or maybe some Christian philosophy that justifies
it; I'm not sure. Really the thing that strikes me most about it is: Maybe there's something in me that's
reacting to this and that maybe other people wouldn't notice it.",
"You're thinking about suffering and sure enough…",
"He gets a pet cat or something and he says, 'The cat keeps having kittens so I just go out and drown the
kittens'.",
"Didn't you write a song--'Really Freak Me Out'--about a spider?",
"I did, but I changed the lyrics because I had the experience with a spider, and I realized, 'I can't write a
song about a spider', so I just envisioned something else that's analogous.",
"Let's talk about the song 'Pardon Me'. To me, the lyrics initially seemed didactic ('I may not be a perfect
soul/ But I can learn self-control'), but the melody is so catchy that you don't in the end mind.",
"I don't ever want anyone to think that I'm being judgmental. I gotta do everything I can do to not be
preachy.",
"Is Vipassana in some way a turning away from experience?",
"That's a common misconception about meditation. That it's turning away from experience or turning
away from really feeling what's going on. And it's really like the opposite of what you're doing. With
Vipassana you're taking the time to stop and look inside yourself and really observe what's going on on a
physical and mental level, and instead of just reacting to it, you're sitting there observing it with 100
percent of your attention ideally. You're not turning away from anything.",
"During Vipassana courses you are supposed to abstain from 'using high or luxurious beds'. Is your dorm
bed 'high and luxurious'?","I think that these things were formulated at the time of the Buddha when, I
think, they were sleeping on the ground. That's obviously not required of us. The point is, the facilities are
comfortable but not extravagant. You know, just a simple bed like this--that's fine. You shouldn't go in
with an attitude, 'I'm want to have, like, all these specific comforts while I'm here'. That's not what it's
about.",
"Was it hard going from being a rock star to an undergrad?",
"Yeah, the writing workshop last semester was really painful. And I think it is for everyone in the class,
too. You've got 11 of your peers tearing your writing apart.",
"Any particular story that sticks out in your mind?",
"The day that my first essay was critiqued in a workshop.",
"Your ego is totally on the line.",
"Yeah, all on the line. You're so concerned about your ego, too. I mean, you're at Harvard, everyone's so
ambitious and so driven. On top of that, I'm older than everyone else, so I feel like I should be better and
more accomplished. On top of that, I'm a rock star, so I feel like people are paying extra attention to me
and they're going to be extra critical. So, it's tough, but it's my own mental garbage.",
"Do you meditate in your dorm room?",
"In the closet. And, you know, that really just evens things out. 'Cause whatever things come up during the
day that get you agitated, you'll sit and, 'Oh'. And on top of that, throughout the day, even when I'm not
sitting, I'm doing meditation. Whenever I remember somebody said something mean to me I'll feel, 'Oh,
unpleasant sensation', and I'll observe it and try to be equanimous with it. Or I'll have to go in front of a
camera and do an interview and feel nervous. So I'll feel all these unpleasant tingling sensations. So that
the task, throughout the day, is kind of the same--whatever I'm doing--is just to observe the sensations and
be equanimous.",
"Right.",
"The sensations are always changing but the task is always the same.",
"You've made a few statements about the uncertainty of Weezer's future. It must have taken some work on
the band's part to be equanimous with this.",
"They have so much attachment to this continuing and it's frightening when that gets threatened. They've
seen me go through this so many times over our career. I think they've learned that sometimes you've got
to become a little detached from it. Say, 'Alright, he's gotta go through his process and if he's meant to
come back, if there's more songs that are there, it'll happen. And if not, it won't'.",
"Do you meditate with them?",
"Yeah. Before the show. We sit for about five to 20 minutes. Not Pat (Wilson, Weezer's drummer)though,
just the three of us. It was their idea. It was Brian's (Weezer guitarist Brian Bell)idea.",
"Does it have a positive effect on way things go?",
"I'm not really sure. I imagine we feel it must have a positive effect because we keep doing it. I know it
makes me feel less anxious before I go onstage. Maybe a little more focused. I'm sure they had the same
fears that I did when I started.",
"Because you're the most public Vipassana meditator in America, have the people from the centers wanted
to talk to you?",
"It's an incredibly de-centralized organization. You can hardly call it an 'organization'.",
" Each center is comprised of just other students like me. People who work there are just people like me
who go there for 10 days, or sometimes longer, and volunteer to work in the kitchen or clean. You might
have one to three people that stay there for a years at a time, kind of just manage the place. They're not
involved in teaching or disseminating any kind of philosophy or anything. Wait a minute--no, they kind of
set a tone at the center, I suppose.",
"How was your visit to S.N. Goenka (Cuomo's meditation teacher, whom he thanks in the liner notes of
'Make Believe')?",
"It was pretty much what I thought it would be. ",
"You must feel very indebted to him in some ways.",
"Yeah. You know, I went there to thank him. And I knew exactly what he would say.",
"What?",
"He said nothing. 'Whatever benefit you're getting, it's because of your own hard work'. And that was it.",
"A long way to go for a short conversation.",
"Yeah, but it was totally worth it. I'm not even really sure why.",]
["What was the hardest part about maintaining the two-year vow of celibacy that was part of your
meditation training?
GIRLDREAMS, SKOKIE, IL " , " It’s been two and a half years now, actually. The vow is over but I
wanted to keep cruising. Abstinence doesn’t require as much self-discipline anymore. It’s a combination
of the old crazy Rivers and a belief that a serious meditator should just stick with one partner or be
celibate. My teacher doesn’t even recommend this technique. But I am an extreme type of person. We
never had serious groupies, anyway. Our generation got screwed. " , "When I saw Weezer live, you guys
came out to the Monday Night Football theme. Are you secretly jocks? PINKERBOOTS, GLENDALE,
CA " , "
I don’t think it’s a secret: We love sports. We’ve come out to a lot of different things, whatever gets us
stoked. Right now, we come out to Pinocchio singing "When You Wish Upon a Star." I think our favorite
one of all time was the Magnum, P.I. theme song in 1997." , "
MTV made you change the words to "We Are All on Drugs," so you now sing "we are all on love"
instead. What were other ideas for replacement words?
BUDHOLLY, LAWRENCE, KS " , "Pat suggested "hugs" first, but that sounded too quirky. See, the
whole thing is my fault — when I wrote the song, I wasn’t thinking carefully enough about the words I
was choosing. Some fans have told me that their children hear me saying "we are all on drugs" and they
take it literally because they don’t know any better. And that makes me feel horrible. I never wanted to
write a song that would offend anyone or encourage anyone to use drugs or harm themselves in any way.
In my mind, love and drugs are the same thing — we’re all numbing ourselves or stimulating ourselves
with intense relationships or TV or movies or music and we use these like drugs. So to me, there was no
artistic sacrifice or compromise and I was happy to change the word. Brian thought of "we are all on
love." To me, that’s an even better line than the original lyric. It’s still a good rock jam, though. " , " What
do you remember most about playing the Sunset Strip with your metal band when you first moved to
L.A.?
TAPELES, CALABASAS, CA" , "I just remember how exciting it was, truly the heavy metal dream I had
growing up. We’d go down on weekends and pass out our flyers. I thought of a clever marketing gimmick:
We affixed a stick of gum to each flyer, so hundreds of people would come from all over the Strip and
grab ours so they could get a piece of Big Red or Juicy Fruit. " , "What’s the most ridiculous, decadent
thing you’ve ever bought?AJARVIS, LITTLE COMPTON, RI" , "
I give a lot of money away to family and friends and charity. The rest is just waiting in the bank for the
day I have a family. I never think to spend my money except to give it away. Well, other than school —
that’s expensive. And I give big tips, which freaks people out sometimes. When I bought a house, I had to
get all this furniture to make it look lived in, then realized I didn’t really need any of this stuff and it
means nothing to me. So why not move to a little apartment and get rid of it all? Now I live in a one-room
loft." , "You’ve admitted using drugs to help your songwriting. What’s the most extreme thing you’ve ever
done to be creative? NOTTIREDOFSEX, DALLAS, TX" , "
I don’t really like to talk about the extremes — they’re the least important to me, yet that’s what people
like to focus on the most. The important thing you’re looking for with any stimulus or inspiration is
concentration. You’re looking for something to demand your attention so strongly that you can write a
coherent statement about it lyrically or musically. Ritalin, or even coffee, can help that. I wrote "Dope
Nose" and "Hash Pipe" with a combination of three tequila shots and Ritalin. There are other side effects
specific to each kind of stimulant that affect the tone of what you write. It’s very scientific, finding the
right balance, a lot of trial and error. A lot of error." , "Who came up with your Van Halenesque "W"
onstage logo? CANTDRIVE55, SALT LAKE CITY, UT" , "
If I remember the story correctly, our webmaster Karl took some tape and put a "W" on the back of my
jacket while I was wearing it. Pat looked at it and put the wings on to make it more like Van Halen. " ,
"What was it like growing up on an ashram?
JHEFFER, WOODSTOCK, NY " , "
That’s a very large question. I was at school there from third through fifth grade, and every day we did
yoga and meditation and deep relaxation exercises, we did all our own cooking and cleaning, we did all
kinds of chores. It wasn’t all that fun at the time. That was some serious work for kids, or anyone, really.
From my earliest memories, my mom instilled in my brother and me that we were different and special
and the rest of the world was "normal" and uptight and not in touch with their feelings. And we were this
special, unique enclave of sanity. Deep in my heart, I knew there was a lot of value to the environment my
parents were raising us in; however, around age 11 or 12, a lot of us kids in the ashram school started
rebelling and fantasizing about being normal and having our own desks. We all took normal names. I
changed mine to Peter Kitts — that was my stepfather’s last name. We started teaching ourselves how to
swear. School colors, a school mascot, to be on a football team — all those things seemed really attractive
to us. " , "When your second album, Pinkerton, bombed, you took the criticism hard. Is that still painful to
think about?
IMONDRUGS, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL " , "
Back in 1997, I took that personally, yeah. We sent "El Scorcho," the first single, to a radio station and
they said it was the worst song they’d ever heard and they wouldn’t play it. But I don’t have my own ego
wrapped up in the album anymore. There are Pinkerton fans who come to our shows, so we’re always sure
to play two or three songs every night. The audience divines it. " , "How did you get into this hardcore
meditation routine? THEADMIRAL, SPARTANBURG, SC" , "
In early 2003, I felt like I hit a roadblock with the songs for Make Believe and I just knew I wanted to dig
deeper into myself and come up with better songs. [Producer] Rick Rubin suggested meditation. As soon
as I started trying it again, I knew this was it. Vipassana is a less well-known form of meditation in this
country and I’m not sure why that is. I think so far, the press has misunderstood the purpose of the
apparent austerities. The belief is that two meals a day are enough, especially for someone who’s just
sitting there. It’s all about moderation. Things appear extreme, but the motivation behind all of it is solely
to help you concentrate. " , "What are your favorite and least favorite parts of your body? AMANDA,
BROOKLINE, MA " , "
I guess my hands are my favorite. I’m sometimes unhappy with my right leg, which was operated on
because it was shorter than the other. The bone was broken clean in half and I had to turn these screws so
the gap between the halves of the bone would get wider, which was actually kind of satisfying. But I’m
trying to love all parts of my body equally and not generate negative feelings toward myself. " , "Did you
hang out with Hugh Hefner when you shot the "Beverly Hills" video at the Playboy Mansion?
JOEMOMMA, FOREST HILLS, NY" , "
I didn’t hang out with Hef. But I know it was asked of him, "What do you do on a normal day when there
isn’t a video being shot in your house?" And he said, "I do the same thing: I sit here around the pool with
the Playmates and play cards." " , " What’s the most metal thing about Weezer?
SLAYER99, NORTH FORK, CA" , "
The guitar sound. I don’t really think it’s changed much from my metal days, and I don’t think that came
from any other influences — it had to come from the Scorpions or Judas Priest. And also guitar solos. We
suddenly realized we’re one of the only bands that play guitar solos. I couldn’t imagine not having a guitar
solo; that’s just what happens after the second chorus. " , "Now that you’ve almost got your literature
degree, what’s your favorite book?
ELSCORCHO, BEND, OR " , "
Books aren’t very important to me. When I was 20 and first going to college, I was really into literature
and that’s why I chose that major. I’m not gonna be a professor, I’m not going to be a writer, I’m a rock
guy. But I believe in finishing what I started. I enjoy school but I’m not, like, a serious reader." , "You
played in a Kiss cover band growing up — which one were you? KHANKS, PARMA, OH " , "
My ego was already apparent even at the tender age of 14 — I was singing Paul Stanley’s parts and played
Ace Frehley’s leads. Our makeup looked more like Mötley Crüe, though. We thought of ourselves as an
original band that was going to make it; it didn’t occur to us that a band had to write their own songs. I
was also in a Metallica cover band, an Yngwie Malmsteen cover band and an all-’80s metal cover band.
All I did in high school was play metal songs. " , "Didn’t you try to calculate the mathematical equation
for a perfect pop song?
TJHOOKER, AUSTIN, TX " , "That’s a pretty gross oversimplification. I’ve always deconstructed music
and tried to figure out the order in which the parts were put together. In what order did the writer come up
with the various elements? Did he start with the music or the riff or the melody or the beat? It wasn’t out
of a desire to find one particular formula that would always work for anything I did but rather just to get a
sense of all the possibilities that are out there. When I write a song, I’m just going on my instincts and
when I’m writing at my best, it’s different every time. I remember asking Billie Joe years ago about some
of the songs on the first Green Day album, ones with some pretty intense guitar riffs at the root, and he
didn’t write them on a guitar, he wrote those in his head. I don’t remember exactly what my theory was on
those songs, but I know I was surprised. Another one that really blew my mind was "Bridge Over
Troubled Water," this really beautiful piano song, right? I read that it was written on guitar. I think it was
one of the pillars of my theory that piano songs are better than guitar songs." , "How does a rock star like
you usually meet girls? EMCEEBARD, KALAMAZOO, MI " , "
I don’t. I’m almost more of a rock star at school than on the road, although they treat me pretty normally. I
live in the undergraduate dorm, I go to the cafeteria three times a day, I go to the library and the fitness
center and hang out with people in my hall and have normal relationships. I forget that I’m 35 and a rock
star … until I look in the mirror. " , "You’ve mentioned recently that you’ve gotten into cooking. What’s
your favorite meal to make? GINA, NASHVILLE, TN" , "
I don’t really have a signature dish and I can’t remember the names of anything, but it’s all vegetarian.
Cooking started out of necessity — I had to eat and I didn’t have anyone to help me. I bought a cookbook
and was really putting some effort into it. I still have a problem dealing with people, so I’d rather eat
cereal every day than order in. " , "Do you still live in a one-room apartment with the black walls and
blacked-out windows?
JERRY, DARIEN, CT " , "
Not anymore. That was also about focus. Twice a day I close my eyes and meditate, and that’s really all
the concentration practice I need. I find that my mind’s getting stronger in any situation. " , "Is Make
Believe going to be the final Weezer album?
SCOOTERPEPPY, STOCKTON, CA " , "Well, any album can be the last one for any artist. In the band,
we’re definitely all aware that there’s this place in me that for some reason is hesitating to commit to
future plans, and none of us is really sure what that’s about. I feel like I have to settle down and have a
stable life. It’s painful because whatever’s going to happen is going to happen; there’s no point in stressing
about it now. I have some hang-up and that’s causing anxiety for the band and for the audience. I think
they’re handling it very graciously and not giving me guilt trips or anything. " , "In the current Ozzy
Osbourne vs. Iron Maiden beef, whose side are you on?
ANDREW CLARK, SMYRNA, GA " , "
Well, I don’t know enough detail to take sides, but I guess I would take both sides and hope there’s a way
they can work things out so they’re both happy. But I was definitely more of a fan of Maiden growing up
than Ozzy. " , "Whatever happened to Homie, the album you made with your Harvard pals? LUKE T.,
RAMSEY, NJ " , "Never finished it. We did all the basic tracks, but no overdubs. That was around 1997. I
have plenty of unreleased songs, but no interest in putting them out. There’s too much garbage out there
already. " , "Are you a tit man or an ass man?
DEBORAH, DULUTH, GA" , "I don’t remember."]
[“what can you tell me about steve martin's scientific approach to comedy?” , “who's better than us right
now?” , “"stretching musically" does not equal better.” , “you guys have crap taste in music--no wonder
you don't like weezer.” , “i honestly think creed is better than us right now, but not for long.” , “i prefer my
"post hiatus" material. however, i appreciate, and, obviously, take into consideration, everyone's concern .”
, “a little stress is good for a person.” , “i think you're right on with that tiger woods comparison.[it's kinda
like when tiger woods decided to take apart & rebuild his stroke. that's just something you *don't* do in
golf, especially not when you're that good. but he felt like that could only take him so far, so he rebuilt a
stroke from the ground up that he thought was more fundamentally sound. and he struggled with it for a
while, but now he's right back where he used to be. i think that's what we're seeing here. give it some
time!] it's just something i have to do. i don't know if any of you are familiar with goethe, but i'm
reminded of his situation also. in his youth, he wrote an e.mo-classic, "the sorrows of young werther", in a
dramatic style which he subsequently abandoned for a more "classical" style. he burned all the
manuscripts of his youth. in his lifetime, his later works never matched the poplarity of that one book,
which could be found in the pockets of young suicide victims who had thrown themselves off of bridges.”
, “i fully anticipate a renewed interest in music which develops beyond the strophic form: "symphonic"
music. however, i still feel there's more i want to squeeze out of the 2-and-a-half minute gem: notably,
emphasis on the "personal" aspect. this will be album 5. of course, i could be totally wrong. your "stroke"
joke made me fall out of my chair!” , “i catalog just about every notion i have, and i finish just about
everything i start.” , “i have no expectations or intentions for what i write. whatever happens, happens. i
don't force anything.” , “don't expect every section of your songs to be killer. every extended meal needs
to be punctuated by bread. if you come up with a part naturally, it's good. be patient, play your songs over
and over, and they will work themselves out. of course, if you don't like my songs, don't take my advice.” ,
“it's all a matter of taste, i suppose. my preference, obviously is for an organically unfolding compostion,
which doesn't concern itself with whether its b-section is up to snuff. imo, there's nothing worse than a
promising song ruined by the introduction of some incongruous part, simply for the sake of adding
something more bitching. "Say it ain't so" is an example of song that was butchered in this manner:
Where'd that bridge come from? Ozma has problems with this tendency as well, though i still worship
them. I prefer to let my songs write themselves. My first rule of songwriting: COMPREHENSIBILITY.” ,
“let me figure out how to write a pop song first, then i'll tackle the musical.” , “i was 19 in 1990. since
then i've become myself more.” , “the business/pleasure dichotomy is for the small of mind.” , “when a
man leaves his teens, music becomes less important to him. new records come out and they just don't feel
as "classic" to him as the records of his youth. he blames it on a change in the quality of music but it's
really just his sensitivity that's diminished. that being said, you do have some valid criticisms. there will
never be new records that give you the same feeling that the records of your youth did. don't blame the
artist.” , “you know what's weird? i'm sorta interested in meeting some of you freaks. no photographs or
autographs or anything but maybe just a little meet 'n greet (or "fake 'n shake", as the artists call it)
backstage. we should figure out a way to do it.” , “here's something you have to understand: "classic"
weezer is going to be buried by a far more popular "new" style over the next few years. those 20 songs
that you guys are so attached to are going to mean nothing to the millions and millions of new fans that
are coming in.” , “with a lifestyle in which i hardly ever see the same people 2 days in a row, you are one
of the few comforting constants i have. i've grown quite fond of some of you.” , “u2 is an enigma to me. i
want to have their kind of popularity but i have absolutely zero interest in their kind of music.” , “i like to
surround myself with people who disagree with me.” , “yeah, coming to europe right after we finished
pinkerton in '96 was a big eye opener. techno was huge, oasis was huge, it was a very exciting time. i
knew from the moment we first tried to play across the sea at one of those festivals that pinkerton was
going to bomb. i became determined to develop a style that festival people could connect to and enjoy.” ,
“i had seen the band setting up at soundcheck and laughed at them in an indie-highbrow sort of way. they
didn't have guitars! they didn't have bass or drums! how could they possibly rock? how could they
possibly go on as headliners after us? we were going to blow them off the stage! we played our set and, as
i said, quickly realized the "masterpiece" we had just created would drop like a brick in environments like
this. indeed, our complex music was all but incomprehensible to the 40,000 young europeans who had
come simply for the purpose of getting rocked and having a good time. later that night, the sun went down
and an ominous air gathered over the field as the crowd crammed together, packing towards the front of
the stage. the excitement was palpable. the band everyone had come to see finally burst out of the
darkness and onto the stage, hurling everyone into a frenzy of unified, mass po-going. it felt incredible,
evil, and exciting. I wanted to run in and join the throng. it was then that i knew there was much i wanted
to learn.i listened, intently. i noted the repetitive beats. i noted the fact that there were no jarring changes
of feel, tempo, or harmony. i noted that i was being sucked in and forced to move, whether that meant
dancing, head-banging or just generally rocking out. i noted the lack of "personal expression" and the lack
of "emotion". most of all, i noted how much it rocked. although the band's music offered little in the way
of compositional practices which i could integrate with my own, the experience of hearing it that night
opened my ears to hearing music in a different way. it took me years to come to terms with that.” , “what's
this decade called anyways? does anybody know?” , “yeah too bad crab isn't boring.” , “besides rap metal,
green is the most significant accomplishment in rock music since grunge.” , “weezer is 100x better now
that it is a real "band", IMHO.” , “i have no preconceived notion of what keys will be like in weezer. don't
you understand my philosophy yet? bring the guy in and let him do his thing with no direction. give him
encouragement and see what happens. i have no idea what it will sound except that it will rule.” , “i
walked into a dept. store in korea and asked for a jacket because i was cold and i walked out in a 3 piece
suit. 5 middle-aged salesladies descended on me and i was helpless to stop them. now i'm addicted.” , “i
think you're all going to be deeply satisfied by my future songs but it's kind of pointless for me to talk
about it.” , “i'm so happy that we can keep some old fans. relationships are more interesting when there's
time for them to develop.” , “i talked to rick rubin again. he really likes the songs and he wants to produce
the album. however, he asked me how i would feel about him asking me to REWRITE SECTIONS OF
THE SONGS, for example MAKE A PART SOUND MORE LIKE A CHORUS. this is scary to me. no
one's ever gotten that involved in my songs before. i consider that sacred, personal territory. however, i
realize i've been trapped in my point of view for a long time now and it certainly wouldn't hurt to try some
rewrites. this is going to be a wild ride.” , “well, i know it's not great, but it doesn't totally blow.” , “i need
to get more of that romantic longing back in the melody. that only happens when i'm infatuated with
someone and i can't imagine that happening now. i'm so totally over girls.” , “it's fun to play with a really
big band but i never have any idea what's going to happen. it's just jam time.” , “i'm open to anything. you
guys can come jam with us at rehearsal if you want.” , “it'd be cool to get like 50 people in the room all
jamming the same song.”]