What’s the significance of the new album’s title?
As usual, we struggled super hard trying to come up with an album title, trying to find some kind of phrase that summed up the whole aesthetic behind the album:Heavy Mental, Smaller than Life — I was coming up with all kinds of stuff. But ultimately, we just went with some random word that doesn’t really have anything to do with anything. I met and took a photo with Jorge Garcia who was Hurley from Lost; he just has this amazing vibe and his expression in that photo seemed so right, so we just called it Hurley.

In a recent interview you said, “There’s definitely going to be more raw rock energy” on the new Weezer album. How so?
Weezer’s become a totally kick-ass live band, and when we were making Hurley, you could just hear the sound of people going into the studio, pressing “Record,” and rocking.There’s just an insane amount of energy on songs like “Where’s My Sex” or “Memories,” and also even in the more intimate songs like “Run Away” — lots of loose moments, out of tune moments, but tons of emotional expression.In fact, in some cases, my low-fi demos from home had the right feeling to them, so I just took my vocal track from them and put the rest of the song to that.

There seems to be a divide between old and new Weezer fans. How will the new album appeal to both those groups of fans?
I think Hurley is a record that will appeal to all kinds of Weezer fans. Fans that like the super raw, emotional stuff will be totally stoked with songs like “Run Away” and “Memories,” and then at the same time, there are just really great pop songs, with great melodies and hooks, fun sing-along choruses.So I think everyone’s going to love it.

With Pat Wilson on guitar and bassist Scott Shriner singing occasionally, it seems Weezer has taken on a new dynamic. Did you write most of the new songs? Or do Patrick and Scott contribute to the songwriting on the new album, too?
The recording sessions were very fluid, with all of us swapping off different instruments, just depending on what felt right at the moment.And that’s pretty much how we work now.Weezer isn’t stuck in roles, so we just do what we want to do, what makes us excited.The other guys aren’t writing on this album, though.

When did you write the songs on the new album? Were any of them written while you were recovering from the tour bus crash?
Most of the songs were written in 2009-2010.Some of them were written in that period after the bus crash — in fact, the first song I wrote after the bus crash was “Trainwrecks.”

Tell us about a few of the songs on the album, their titles, and what they’re about.
“Memories” is about that time off in between album cycles, when you’re sitting at home, and you’re getting bored and frustrated; you’re missing the excitement of being on tour, and you’re missing the companionship of your bros.