A big part of being a well-adjusted person is accepting that you can’t be good at everything.
A problem is a chance for you to do your best.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
A woman is like a tea bag
A woman is the full circle. Within her is the power to create, nurture and transform.
Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim.
Accept no one’s definition of your life; define yourself.
Adversity, similar to lava, appears to destroy everything in its way. But out of the ashes and smoke, new, better, and stronger things emerge that may have not been born in any other way.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
Always concentrate on how far you have come, rather than how far you have left to go. The difference in how easy it seems will amaze you.
And once the storm is over, you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.
Any woman who understands the problems of running a home will be nearer to understanding the problems of running a country.
Bad decisions make good stories.
Be happy
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.
Be the attitude you want to be around.
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
Blaze your own glittery, sparkly, fiery, shimmering path. Surround yourself with the things that make you shine. Create your bubble and thrive in it.
Build your own dreams or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Choose to be optimistic, it feels better.
Choose to be optimistic; it feels better.
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing ’til it gets there.
Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day, saying, I will try again tomorrow.
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Don’t let anyone speak for you, and don’t rely on others to fight for you.
Don’t search for the meaning of life. Simply be present for the people you love.
Even a stopped clock is right twice every day. After some years, it can boast of a long series of successes.
Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it.
Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it.
Every adversity, every failure, and every heartache carries with it the seed of an equivalent or a greater benefit.
Everything that you are going through is preparing you for what you’ve asked for.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.
Good words are worth much, and cost little.
Greatness is sifted through the grind, therefore don’t despise the hard work now for surely it will be worth it in the end.
Happiness is the real sense of fulfillment that comes from hard work.
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.
Have great hopes and dare to go all out for them. Have great dreams and dare to live them. Have tremendous expectations and believe in them.
He knows not his own strength who hath not met adversity.
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: If you’re alive it isn’t.
Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today.
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders.
I could not, at any age, be content to take my place by the fireside and simply look on. Life was meant to be lived. Curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
I don’t want to use my creative energy on somebody else’s user interface.
I have learned that real angels don’t have gossamer white robes and Cherubic skin, they have calloused hands and smell of the days’ sweat.
I learned this, at least, by my experiment; that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
I need to listen well so that I hear what is not said.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars.
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough.
If it’s not exactly like you thought it would be, you think it’s a failure. What about the spectrum of colors in between.
If Plan A doesn't work, the alphabet has 25 more letters.
If they don’t like you for being yourself, be yourself even more.
If you are born poor, it’s not your mistake, but if you die poor it’s your mistake.
If you don’t like something change it; if you can’t change it, change the way you think about it.
If you embrace your flaws, nobody can use them against you.
If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
If you work just for money, you’ll never make it, but if you love what you’re doing… success will be yours.
If you’re going through hell keep going.
If you’re going to be able to look back on something and laugh about it, you might as well laugh about it now.
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life. It goes on.
In three words, I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life. It goes on.
In times of great stress or adversity, it’s always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
In times of pain, when the future is too terrifying to contemplate and the past too painful to remember, I have learned to pay attention to right now. The precise moment I was in was always the only safe place for me.
In times of pain, when the future is too terrifying to contemplate and the past too painful to remember, I have learned to pay attention to right now. The precise moment I was in was always the only safe place for me.
Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, you ought to set up a life you don’t need to escape from.
It doesn’t matter how slow you go, as long as you don’t stop.
It doesn’t matter how slow you go, as long as you don’t stop.
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent.
It's not about money or connections. It's the willingness to outwork and outlearn everyone when it comes to your business.
Just because you fail once doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything.
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Life is a question and how we live it is our answer.
Life is full of screwups. You're supposed to fail sometimes. It's a required part of the human existence.
Life is not what happened back there or what might happen up ahead. Life is like the rhythm of the heart — every breath, every blink of the eye. It is beat by beat, moment by moment. This…is all there is. This…is all we need.
Life is too important to be taken seriously.
Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale.
Light tomorrow with today.
Lighten up, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don’t get so worked up about things.
Live each day like it's your second to the last. That way you can fall asleep at night.
Luck is what you have left over after you give 100 percent.
Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. And don’t pray when it rains if you don’t pray when the sun shines.
Never regret a day in your life. Good days give you happiness and bad days give you experience.
Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.
No great achiever
No one is perfect — that’s why pencils have erasers.
Nothing I accept about myself can be used against me to diminish me.
One of the best pieces of advice I ever got was from a horse master. He told me to go slow to go fast. I think that applies to everything in life. We live as though there aren't enough hours in the day but if we do each thing calmly and carefully we will get it done quicker and with much less stress.
One of the most important things I have learned is that businesses don't fail, entrepreneurs give up. Now sometimes, giving up is the right decision. But usually you just need to dig in and figure out how to make things better. Remember: Every day is a new opportunity to get up and do it better than yesterday!
One thing at a time. Most important thing first. Start now.
Opportunities to find deeper powers within ourselves come when life seems most challenging.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Optimist: someone who figures that taking a step backward after taking a step forward is not a disaster; it's more like a cha-cha.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don’t really matter.
People who wonder whether the glass is half empty or half full miss the point. The glass is refillable.
Problems are not stop signs; they are guidelines.
Prosperity makes friends; adversity tries them.
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.
Remember why you started.
Someday is not a day of the week.
Step out of the history that is holding you back. Step into the new story you are willing to create.
Stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone ought to be.
Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn’t.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day-out.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.
The bravest sight in the world is to see a great man struggling against adversity.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never failing, but in rising every time we fail.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.
The only thing worse than starting something and failing… is not starting something.
The quality of your life is the quality of your relationships.
The question isn’t who’s going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.
The turning point in the process of growing up is when you discover the core of strength within you that survives all hurt.
There are lots of bad reasons to start a company. But there’s only one good, legitimate reason, and I think you know what it is: it’s to change the world.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
There’s nothing that cleanses your soul like getting the hell kicked out of you.
Think like a proton. Always positive.
Three things in life
To be successful, you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can’t just accept the ones you like.
To succeed, you have to do something and be very bad at it for a while. You have to look bad before you can look really good.
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
We do not need magic to change the world, we carry all the power we need inside ourselves already. We have the power to imagine better.
We grow great by dreams.
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
We should always pray for help, but we should always listen for inspiration and impression to proceed in ways different from those we may have thought of.
What a wonderful life I’ve had! I only wish I’d realized it sooner.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
Whatever you do, be different
When I hear somebody sigh, ‘Life is hard’, I am always tempted to ask, ‘Compared to what?’
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye.
When you do not know what you are doing and what you are doing is the best
When you know better, you do better.
Whenever you see a successful person, you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.
Why fit in when you were born to stand out?
You are not your resume, you are your work.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing and falling over.
You get to decide where your times goes. You can either spend it moving forward, or you can spend it putting out fires. You decide. And if you don't decide, others will decide for you.
You have brains in your head, you have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You’re on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who’ll decide where to go.
You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.
You only live once, but if you do it right once is enough.
You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
You’ve got to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandfather was.
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.
You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching.
Your problem isn’t the problem. Your reaction is the problem.
Your problem isn’t the problem. Your reaction is the problem.
Your talent determines what you can do. Your motivation determines how much you are willing to do. Your attitude determines how well you do it.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.