Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you’re acute-y!
Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling
Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.
Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect
Are you a florist? Cause ever since I met you, my life has been Rosey.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.
Are you a good cuddler? I might let you join my gang.
Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
Are you a microwave oven? Cause you melt my heart.
Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.
Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.
Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot.
Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.
Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!
Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you’re Russian my heart rate!
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you’re blowing me away.
Are you Jewish? Cause you ISRAELI HOT.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.
Are you mexican? Because you're my juan and only!
Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.
Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!
Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.
Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.
Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious.
Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!
Baby I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.
Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.
Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.
Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
Blue eyes, red lips, pale face. So pretty. You look like the flag of France.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
Can I borrow a quarter? I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.
Can I have your Instagram? My parents said I should follow my dreams.
Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?
Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!
Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.
Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.
Did you fart, cause you blew me away.
Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?
Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet butt.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.
Do you drink Pepsi? Because you're so-da-licious!
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.
Do you have a name or can I just call you mine?
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning? Because you are glowing!
Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?
Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!
Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.
Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Do you like Mexican food? Cause I want to wrap you in my arms and make you my BAE-RITTO.
Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together.
Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda only one for me!
Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.
Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!
Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Even if you had 0 followers, I’d follow you anywhere.
Even though there aren't any stars out tonight, you're still shining like one.
Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
Excuse me, but you dropped something back there" (What?) "This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
For dating advice and tips, check out our online guides:
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit!
Girl, you’re like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.
Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say "happily".
Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?
Hey baby, I must be a light switch, cuz every time I see you, you turn me on!
Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!
Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.
Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.
Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.
Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?
Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?
Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?
Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Hi, I’m Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?
Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.
How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).
How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!
How was heaven when you left it?
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
I can't think of anyone else I’d rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.
I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.
I could use some spare change and you're a dime.
I didn't know that angels could fly so low!
I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.
I don't know you, but I think I love you already.
I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.
I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime?
I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What’s your number?
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
I was blinded by your beauty... I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.
I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.
I was wondering if you had an extra heart? Mine seems to have been stolen
I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.
I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.
I would flirt with you, but I’d rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.
I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.
I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!
I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
I’ll give up my morning cereal to spoon you instead.
I’m in the mood for pizza... a pizza you, that is!
I’m learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?
I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.
If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.
If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say "I love you" with my last breath!
If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...
If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you﻿.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If I’m vinegar, then you must be baking soda. Because you make me feel all bubbly inside!
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!
If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together. (tulips = two lips)
If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.
If you enjoyed this page, you may also like:
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
If you were a booger I'd pick you first.
If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
If you were a flower you'd be a damnnn-delion
If you were a potato you'd be a sweet one.
If you were a steak you would be well done.
If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you.
Is your dad a drug dealer? Cause you're so Dope!
Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A Blessing.
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!
Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!
Is your father a mechanic? Because you’ve got a finely tuned body!
Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.
Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're "mmmm... good!"
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.
Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!
Is your name Katrina? [No, why?] 'Cuz baby, you rock me like a hurricane!
Is your name Mickey? Because you’re so FINE!
Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.
Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!
It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.
It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.
Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle
Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.
Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces
Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
Nice hair, wanna mess it up?
Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!
People call me John, but you can call me tonight.
Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.
Please call 9-1-1, because you just made my heart stop!
Please call an ambulance, your beauty is killing me.
Put down that cupcake... you're sweet enough already.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush.
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you.
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!
So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?
Somebody better call God, cuz heaven's missing an angel!
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.
This time next year let’s be laughing together.
Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.
Wanna go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!
Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!
Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!
When God made you, he was showing off.
When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
Where do you hide your wings?
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.
You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
You are the reason men fall in love.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?
You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!
You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad.
You look beautiful today, just like every other day.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
You look like a cool glass of refreshing water, and I am the thirstiest man in the world.
You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.
You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart
You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.
You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer’s, because you’re unforgettable.
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
You Say: "Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you."
You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.
You should be someone's wife.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.
You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.
You're hotter than donut grease.
You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.
You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.
You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.
You're so hot, that if you ate a piece of bread, you'd poop out toast!
You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'
You’re my favorite weakness.
You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.
You’re so attractive that my phone gets hot just from talking to you.
You’re so cute it’s distracting!
Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?