Age is just a number, you are beautiful regardless.
Although, your new man may be awesome, he will never be as sexy as this bod.
Always be yourself because you are more than enough and are perfect.
Always follow your heart in life.
Always follow your heart.
Any person that gets into a relationship with you is going to be so lucky.
Anything is possible.
Are you aging in reverse?!
Because of you I believe in my ability to succeed.
Because of you I can learn to accept my flaws.
Because of you, I am all that I am.
Because of you, I believe in myself.
Because of you, this world is a better place.
Before we met, I never knew I could ever be in love this much or this happy.
Call or text me anytime if you need anything.
Can I take you out for lunch every week?
Can you forgive me?
Can you just smile all day because you have the perfect smile.
Can you make my life and go out with me?
Can you tell me the secrets of raising such a perfect daugther?
Can you tell me the secrets to having such a great marriage.
Did it hurt? Falling from heaven. Because your an angel!
Don’t ever feel like I hate you or have ill feelings towards you, I don’t.
Even if your scared, you can still move forward.
Even still, when our old song comes on, I have nothing but fond memories to think of.
Even though we didn’t work out, I learned so much from you.
Even though we hated each other when we were growing up, I never hated you!
Even when you are mad, I still love you!
Every student loves you!
Everyone I know says you are the best kid ever!
Everyone loves you!
Great job!
Hey, maybe well get it together in the next life time!
Home doesn’t feel like home until you get home!
How about we get dinner sometime, a snack heck even water!
How are you single and that gorgeous?
How can I better treat your daughter because they deserve the best.
How can I help you with your goals and dreams?
How can I help you?
How can I make your life easier bae?
How did I get so lucky to have the best kid in the world!
How does someone look so great every day?
I accept you exactly as you are.
I accept your past.
I admire you.
I admire you.
I always feel like we never left each other even after days, months or years after not talking.
I always tell people how amazing you are.
I am a better person because of our relationship.
I am a better person because of you.
I am always going to put you on my list of contacts for future employers to call to validate my work ethic.
I am constantly inspired by you.
I am constantly inspired by you.
I am grateful for all the people in my life.
I am honored to know you.
I am just so incredibly drawn to you!
I am married with a winner!
I am my best version of myself because of you.
I am so glad I got you as a teacher.
I am so glad I was born to you.
I am so glad we dated.
I am so glad we had each other coming up.
I am so glad you are my mom.
I am so happy you came into my life.
I am so honored to be yours.
I am so privileged to know you and learn from you.
I am so proud of all you accomplished.
I am so thankful for your friendship.
I am so thankful you choose me.
I am sorry I was so tough to raise, but thankful you raised me!
I am thankful for you.
I am thankful that you brought me to this earth.
I am totally crushing on you!
I appreciate how well you keep eye contact with me when I talk.
I appreciate how wise you are.
I appreciate your loyalty.
I appreciate your taste in music.
I believe in you.
I believe in you.
I believe in you.
I believe you will find true love one day.
I believe you.
I can always trust you and I love your for that.
I can be open and honest with you about anything.
I can believe you did this all by yourself, that is awesome!
I can completely be myself when I am around you.
I can’t stop thinking about you!
I can’t wait for date night!
I can’t wait for you to come home!
I can’t wait to do life with you.
I can’t wait to get to work knowing you are on the schedule.
I can’t wait to grow old with you.
I can’t wait to have kids with you.
I can’t wait to hold you when we see each other!
I can’t wait to learn more and more from your wisdom.
I can’t wait to live life with you as a friend, sibling, spouse, family member, etc.
I can’t wait to live this life with you and only you.
I can’t wait to see you when I get home,
I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life with your daughter.
I can’t wait to watch movies and cuddle with you tonight!
I commit to this relationship for life.
I couldn’t have hoped for a better daughter.
I didn’t like school until I started your class.
I don’t know how you do all you do and still have time to be a great parent, teacher, sibling, aunt or uncle, etc.
I draw inspiration from you through the way you brought up your daugther.
I feel like a little kid when I am around you, all giggly and awkward because I am crushing!
I feel reassured when I am with you.
I feel so alive when I am with you!
I feel so great about my future because you are a part of it.
I feel so handsome because of you how treat me.
I feel so honored and privileged to be dating or married to you.
I feel so safe when I’m around you.
I forget about everything bad when I am with you.
I forgive you.
I forgive you.
I give thanks every day for you.
I hated this subject until you taught it to me.
I have a kindergarden crush on you.
I have been thinking about you all day!
I have faith that I will get past this.
I have grown as a person so much from dating you.
I have known you for X amount of years and you continue to get more and more beautiful.
I have learned and grown so much because of our relationship.
I have learned so much from you.
I have learned so much from your knowledge.
I have total confidence in you.
I hope I grow to be as wise as you.
I hope I see you in my dreams.
I hope I work with people like you at my next job.
I hope I work with you here for a really long time.
I hope our children have your looks, and my last name.
I hope our son or daughter will see how valuable their grand parents are.
I hope that we can create a family as beautiful as you have one day.
I hope to be as smart as you when I grow up.
I hope to raise my kids as good as you did.
I hope to see you out in the real world!
I hope we are friends for the rest of my life.
I hope we can create a great relationship.
I hope you can look at me like a real son or daughter one day!
I hope you can see my like your own son one day.
I hope you have or are having the best day ever.
I know I can always lean on you for strength.
I know that everything is going to be OK when I look at you.
I know you are at work, but I just wanted to tell you I appreciate all you do for our relationship and love that you are the hardest worker I know.
I know you will succeed in any career you go into.
I like how you treat everyone equality. I admire your sense of equality.
I liked the subject you teach but now I love it.
I listen to everything you say.
I look forward to building better and better relationships with you guys over the lifetime of our marriage.
I look forward to seeing you all day at the end of the day!
I love being your mom, dad, aunt, brother, etc.
I love coming to work when you are here.
I love every single thing about you.
I love how good you are with children.
I love how much you believe in the causes you support.
I love life and am thankful for all the things that are coming into my life.
I love reading your texts and hearing your voice come through them.
I love showing you off to my friends and strangers!
I love snuggling with you.
I love spending time with you.
I love spending time with you.
I love spending time with you.
I love that you are all mine!
I love that you are my sister.
I love the things you don’t like about yourself.
I love the way you challenge me.
I love waking up next to you every morning.
I love you just as you are.
I love you just the way you are.
I love you just the way you are.
I love you like a fat kid loves cake.
I love you more than I could ever have imagined.
I love you so much, it hurts.
I love you this to the moon and back.
I love you.
I love your choice in cars.
I love your commitment to excellence that you bring to the job.
I love your insight on things.
I love your style.
I may not be in love with you anymore, but will always have love in my heart for you.
I may not teach in a school, but we are all teachers in some sort, and I will hope to teach and impact the person I am teaching like you have on me.
I miss you even after I just saw you.
I must have done something right to have attracted you into my life.
I never grasped this topic fully until you taught me it.
I never knew I would love you this much!
I never want to do this life without you!
I never would have thought I could have such a good friend, parent, sibling, cousin, etc.
I pray for you every night.
I pray for you.
I pray for you.
I prayed for you and God gave me an even better kid!
I promise to always give our relationship my all.
I pursued my dreams because of you.
I say yes to our relationship every day.
I see greatness in you.
I see so many great qualities in your daughter that reflect your parenting style.
I see the best in you.
I see you as so important!
I see you doing great things with your life.
I see you in every part of my future.
I seriously can’t stop thinking about you.
I seriously don’t know where I would be without you.
I smile every time you walk in the room.
I still DO, EVERY DAY.
I still have your back.
I still pray for you.
I take so much joy in watching you grow up.
I talk about you to everyone!
I tell people about how hard of a worker you are.
I thank God every day that he gave me you.
I think about you a lot!
I think about you a lot.
I think you are a supermodel!
I think your ethnicity is so cool and unique.
I trust you completely.
I trust you.
I use the skills you teach me a lot in my life.
I want the best for you professionally.
I want the best for you.
I want to act like I am sick at work so I can come home to you!
I want to be a teacher because of you.
I want to be just as good as a dad or mom to my children.
I want to be mad at you, but simply can’t!
I want to be more like you.
I want to become best friends with you guys!
I want to carve our initials in every tree in the world!
I want to continue my schooling because of your teaching.
I want to grow up to be just like you.
I want to spend every single Valentine with you as Valentines.
I want you to have all the happiness in the world.
I want you to know that you deserve to get paid a million bucks a year because you are such a great teacher.
I want your happiness more than I want to try and force this relationship to work.
I will always cherish the fun times and the loving memories of us.
I will always cherish what we had.
I will always have your back.
I will always have your back.
I will always keep it real with you.
I will always love you.
I will always love you.
I will always remember you when I leave this job.
I will always support your daughter.
I will always take care of you.
I will always think about you when people ask me who my favorite teacher is.
I will die for you.
I will miss you when I leave this school.
I will support you no matter what happens in this life.
I will take care of you when you get old.
I wish all kids were just like you because you are perfect!
I wish I had a friend as good as you when I was growing up.
I wish you could come with me each year and teach me each year.
I wish you the best in love and life.
I work hard every day to earn and deserve your love.
I work harder every day to earn your love.
I would be nothing without you.
I would die for you, and live for you.
I would die for you.
I would do anything for you.
I would give up any amount of money in the world for your love.
I would love you no matter how you look!
I would refer you to anyone who is looking for a great employee.
I’m no fortune teller, but I think I see myself pretty clearly in your future!
I’m so glad you choose me over everyone else.
I’m still falling for you everyday.
I’ve seen you grow so much.
If I ever need summer school, I hope your my teacher!
If I need to partner with someone on a project, you are always my go to!
If reincarnation is a real things, I know I will always find you and marry you in every life we life.
If we ever part ways, we need to stay in touch and be friends forever.
Just thinking about you makes me get butterflies.
Life with you feels so natural and beautiful.
Life would lose it’s meaning without you.
Love isn’t even a good enough word to describe my feelings about you.
Maybe in a parallel universe we ended up working out!
Maybe we will grow as people and find each other down the road.
Mom and dad are damn lucky they have a daughter like you.
Mother Theresa has nothing on you!
My eyes are only for you.
My favorite quality about your parenting was X.
My heart is yours forever.
My life has become better of course because of your daughter but because I adopted you as my second parents.
My life is perfect because you are in it.
My love that I have for you is eternal.
Never give up!
Never let anyone tell you you can’t do something!
Never stop being you.
Nice Things To Say The Universe
Nice Things To Say To Your Brother or Sister
No matter how good or bad things are, I will be there going through it with you.
No matter how long we are apart, I always feel the same love and easiness around you when we reunite.
No matter how old or how big you get, you are still my baby!
No matter how old you get, you will always be beautiful to me because you are my momma and daddy.
No one has ever treated me as good as you do.
Nothing could ever change my love for you.
Now matter how long the day was, I always know I have you to come home to!
Ok, yes I like you, but who wouldn’t and why wouldn’t I? Your perfect!
Say hello when we see each other out and about!
Show me your ways on how to be so successful!
So, I need your help. Taking you out of a date. It takes two people to complete the job.
So, what is your favorite food? Oh, really? I know a great place for our first date that serves it!
Spending time with you is my best use of time.
Spending time with you is the best use of time.
Sweet dreams.
Teach me your lessons about teaching kids!
Tell me about your day!
Tell me how I can make your life better.
Tell me something about your past that makes you smile.
Tell me your favorite memory of this life!
Thank you for all the value you have brought me.
Thank you for always being such a great kid!
Thank you for always encouraging me.
Thank you for always supporting me.
Thank you for being faithful to me.
Thank you for being in my life!
Thank you for being there for me in my rough times.
Thank you for being tough on me when you needed to be in order to help me learn and grow.
Thank you for being yourself around me.
Thank you for believing in me as a student.
Thank you for believing in me.
Thank you for devoting extra time to me.
Thank you for giving me a chance to be alive.
Thank you for giving me the blessing to date your daughter.
Thank you for giving me the oxygen and resources to keep me alive and thriving.
Thank you for giving the life you never had.
Thank you for helping me at work I have learned a lot from you.
Thank you for inspiring me to do my best.
Thank you for showing me what it is to be a great example of a human
Thank you for teaching me the value of education.
Thank you for working tirelessly to help us.
Thank you for your service.
Thank you for your service.
Thank you for your tough love that you gave to me, even though trying to be my friend would have been much easier.
Thank you.
That color of clothing looks amazing on you.
That was such a kind thing you did!
The clients and people that come into the business love you.
The entire class is reflection of your teaching, and it is the best class I have ever been in.
The only thing better than you at this job is the coffee! Your a close second though!
The way you live inspires me.
The way you treat me as a momma or daddy makes me feel so special.
The world falls away when I am in your presence.
The world is a better place because of you.
There are 86,400 seconds in the day and from each one, my love for you grows.
There is no one quite like you!
There should be a big statue in the city because of how awesome you are.
They say nothing lasts forever, well thats BS. My love for you will last forever.
Thoughts of you make me feel warm and fuzzy!
We are a power couple!
We are going to have or have the best looking kids of all time!
We are in this together.
We are not bad people, just bad together.
We would be a power couple if we dated, come on, admit it!
What do you want me to cook you for dinner!
When I see you out and about, I will always say whats up! I will never be awkward!
When you a grow up, you are going to be great.
Whenever I come over to your home I always feel like I am completely loved and welcomed.
Whenever I think about you, I can’t help but smile.
Wherever life takes you, just know you can call me or text me to talk or just vent.
While everyone else is talking around the office, you are at work and are diligent.
Why are you so perfect?
Will you marry me again and again and again?!
Work doesn’t feel like work when you are around.
You age so gracefully.
You always do more than required around the office.
You always do such good work.
You always give the best advice.
You always keep your word.
You always make me laugh and smile.
You always make me smile.
You always make my day when we hang out.
You always make my heart melt.
You are a friend but are more like family!
You are a good leader.
You are a great coach.
You are a great leader around the office.
You are a great leader.
You are a great listener.
You are all that I will ever need.
You are always dressed so nicely at work.
You are always honest and real and I appreciate your authenticity.
You are always so clean.
You are always so committed to whatever you do.
You are always so helpful.
You are always so optimistic at work.
You are an angel.
You are athletic.
You are beautiful.
You are becoming such a good young man.
You are capable.
You are drop dead gorgeous.
You are going places!
You are going to be great.
You are going to be such a great adult.
You are going to make an awesome parent.
You are healthy and strong!
You are more perfect than I could have ever prayed for.
You are my best friend.
You are my better half.
You are my dream man.
You are my favorite person to share our lunch breaks with.
You are my favorite person to work with at this job!
You are my inspiration.
You are my queen.
You are my reason for being.
You are my soul mate.
You are my teacher and my friend.
You are my world.
You are my world.
You are one fire! So HOT!
You are one in a million!
You are one of my biggest reasons I want to be a success.
You are one tough cookie!
You are pretty but your soul is even more beautiful.
You are so artistic.
You are so attractive.
You are so brave and courageous.
You are so captivating.
You are so considerate.
You are so courageous.
You are so creative.
You are so funny and energetic.
You are so funny.
You are so goal driven.
You are so good at time management.
You are so helpful around the house!
You are so helpful.
You are so incredibly selfless.
You are so kind and caring.
You are so kind and generous.
You are so kind to your siblings, family, friends.
You are so kind.
You are so motivating.
You are so polite to people.
You are so popular!
You are so powerful.
You are so stable.
You are so talented.
You are special.
You are still beautiful to me even though we didn’t work out.
You are such a good friend to your friends.
You are such a good person.
You are such a hard worker!
You are such a hard worker.
You are talented.
You are the apple of my eye.
You are the apple of my eye.
You are the best kid of all time!
You are the best looking mom or dad there is!
You are the best parent. Or you would be a great parent.
You are the best person I know.
You are the best teacher I have ever had or will ever have.
You are the biggest gift in my life.
You are the definition of a professional.
You are the definition of an awesome sibling.
You are the definition of unconditional love.
You are the eptitomy of the best girl friend.
You are the first thing I think about when I wake up and the last thing I think about when I go to bed.
You are the first thing I think about when I wake up.
You are the last missing piece to my puzzle.
You are the light of my life.
You are the meaning of my existence.
You are the most caring teacher I have ever met.
You are the most kind person I have ever met.
You are the most perfect kid of all time.
You are the most unique person I know and have ever met.
You are the oxygen to my lungs.
You are the perfect example of a parent.
You are the perfect example of a teacher.
You are the perfect example of the best human.
You are the perfect example of what a best friend, mother, father, brother, sister, etc should be.
You are the perfect example of what every parent should aspire to be.
You are the reason I am alive and sane!
You are the reason I am smiling right now.
You are the strongest person I know.
You are the woman of my dreams and then I can wake up and you are my reality.
You are truly gifted at your craft.
You are very attractive and your prove that fact every single day.
You aren’t paid enough!
You bring a really good energy into the office.
You bring out the best in me.
You bring out the best in people.
You bring such great energy to wherever you go.
You can achieve anything you set your mind to.
You can conquer your fears.
You can do anything you set your mind to.
You can do anything your heart desires.
You can easily become president of this company one day.
You can have my heart or we can share it like the last slice.
You can live your dreams.
You can tell me anything and I will never judge you.
You can tell me anything and I would never judge you.
You complete me.
You complete me.
You constantly impress me.
You could be president one day!
You could become president if you wanted to!
You deserve a promotion.
You deserve the biggest apple in the world that says “Best Teacher Ever” on your desk. Heck even a apple tree in your name!
You fed me so well that is why I grew up strong and tough!
You give more value than required.
You give the best hugs and cuddles.
You give the best hugs and kisses.
You give the best hugs!
You handle everything with grace.
You handled that situation so well.
You have a great body.
You have a great sense of style.
You have a kind heart.
You have and will always take my breath away.
You have beautiful hair.
You have beautiful skin!
You have beauty lines!
You have changed my life for the better.
You have great manners.
You have kindness in your eyes.
You have so much inner and outer strength.
You have such a beautiful home.
You have such a good work ethic. You are such a hard worker.
You have such a great vocabulary.
You have taught me about the subject you teach and about life.
You have taught me the meaning of love.
You have the greatest laugh.
You have the most beautiful eyes.
You have the most beautiful relationship with your spouse.
You have the most beautiful voice.
You have the most interesting perspectives.
You have the prettiest eyes.
You have the whitest teeth. Or the best smile of all time!
You help me reach my full potential.
You inspire me to be and become better.
You inspire me to be better at my job, as a mom, as a father, as a leader, etc.
You inspire me to be the best parent ever.
You inspire me to become great.
You inspire me to work harder and be better.
You inspire me.
You inspired me to pursue the career I am in or going into.
You just left and I already miss you.
You keep getting more beautiful with age.
You keep your desk super easy.
You know you are gorgeous right?
You lead the class so well.
You lead this relationship so well.
You look beautiful even when you first wake up!
You look nice in that!
You look so sexy!
You make a difference.
You make house home when I come over.
You make life worth living.
You make me feel as if I am whole.
You make me feel like I can be myself around you.
You make me feel so loved.
You make me feel special.
You make me grow as a person every day.
You make me happy every day.
You make me smile.
You make our house feel like a home.
You make the small things feel big!
You need to write a book on raising the perfect kid!
You never give up.
You persevere through anything and you inspire me because of it.
You play so well with your friends.
You raised me so good.
You saw something in me that I didn’t even see myself.
You showed me all the potential I had in myself.
You speak so eloquently.
You STILL give me butterflies.
You treat this job like a career.
You understand me better than anyone.
You will always have a special place in my heart.
You work so hard.
You’ve changed my world for the better.
You're a champion.
You're a genius.
You're a warrior!
Your eyes are so kind.
Your friends love you so much.
Your hair looks great, always!
Your hand is my favorite thing to hold.
Your love gives me super human strength.
Your next or current significant other is lucky to have you!
Your perfect.
Your positive energy is palpable.
Your professional future is bright for you!
You're right.
Your taking forever to get home, but I would wait all of eternity for you.
Your voice soothes my soul.
Your work ethic is so inspiring!
A minute spent with you is worth more than a lifetime spent with anyone else.
A moment without you feels like forever.
Before I met you, I thought that “happily ever after” was just a fairytale.
Being with you has made me a better person.
Choosing you was the best decision I’ve ever made.
Even if we sometimes drive each other crazy, I would never want to trade you for another lady.
Even in a garden full of roses, you are the most beautiful flower of all.
Even though love can hurt sometimes, with you, it is a risk that I am willing to take.
Even though you may not be perfect, to me you are perfect just the way you are.
From the moment I met you, I know that you were someone special that I wanted in my life.
From your eyes to your hair to your lips, every part of your body is perfect to me.
Going through rough times with you has only made us a stronger couple.
Having to say goodbye to you is my least favorite thing to do.
Having you in my life has been such a gift.
Having your heart is the only gift I’ll ever need.
Hearing the sound of your voice always puts a big smile on my face.
Hearing you laugh is like music to my ears.
Home is where you are.
I always thought that love songs were silly and corny until you came into my life.
I am intoxicated by your beauty.
I am so grateful that I have you in my life.
I am so happy that everything in my life has led me straight to you.
I am so happy that I get to call you my girlfriend.
I am so lucky to have you as both my girlfriend and my best friend.
I can always count on you to turn my day around.
I can’t believe that I get to spend the rest of my life with my best friend at my side.
I can’t help but feel like we were destined to be together.
I can’t help but smile when I think of you.
I can’t imagine a day in my life without you by my side.
I can’t imagine a life without you in it.
I cherish every single moment that I get to spend with you.
I continue to fall deeper in love with you with each and every day that passes.
I could cuddle with you all day long.
I could get lost in your eyes for an eternity.
I could spend every minute of the day with you and I could still feel like I haven’t had enough.
I could stare into your beautiful eyes forever.
I did not believe in love until I met you.
I didn’t believe in soul mates until I got to know you.
I didn’t think you could get any more beautiful.
I don’t know what I did in a past life to deserve you but I’m so glad that you are here with me now.
I don’t know what I did to deserve you, but you make me feel like a million bucks.
I don’t like you.
I don’t understand how a girl as amazing as you are can be real.
I feel 1000 butterflies running through my stomach every time I see you.
I feel so connected to you, sometimes I think that we must have known each other in a past life.
I feel such amazing chemistry when I’m with you.
I fell in love with you the moment I first saw you smile.
I hate how much my heart hurts whenever we have to say goodbye.
I have fallen so deeply in love with you that I don’t think I will ever get up again.
I have never loved anyone or anything in this world more than I love you.
I have spent my whole life looking for you.
I hope there is someone out there who can give you everything you want in life, and I hope that person is me.
I hope you know how special you are and how grateful I am to have you in my life.
I jumped out of bed this morning because I am so excited to see you.
I just want to hold you in my arms and make you feel safe and protected.
I just want to lay in bed with you and stare into your eyes.
I know that God answered my prayers because now I have you in my life.
I love running my hands through your hair.
I love you just the way you are.
I never knew a love as strong as our before I met you.
I never thought I could love you more than I already do.
I never thought that it was possible to leave anyone as much as I love you.
I never want to spend another day in my life without you.
I plan on following my dreams.
I plan on telling you that I love you every day for the rest of my life.
I spend my days thinking about you constantly.
I want to be the best boyfriend that you deserve.
I want to be with you until the end of eternity.
I want to hold onto you forever and never let go.
I want to hold you forever and never let go.
I want to hold you in my arms forever, even when we are both old and gray.
I want to marry you, build a home with you, have kids with you, and grow old with you.
I was made for you and you were made just for me.
I will always fight to make our relationship work.
I will always love you no matter what happens.
I will have to arrest you for stealing my heart.
I will hold your hand in mine and walk by your side for the rest of our lives.
I will never met another person in the world as unique and wonderful as you.
I wish I could go back in time and spend every day of my life with you.
I wish I could share all of life’s moments with you.
I wish that I could hold you in my arms forever.
I wish that it could just be you and me together on this world for eternity.
I would be so lost without you and your love.
I would do anything to put a smile on your face.
I would sail through the stormiest seas to see your face again.
I would swim the biggest ocean just to get to you.
I wouldn’t change a single thing about us.
If I could do everything all over again, I would always choose you.
If it wasn’t for you’re love, I would be nothing.
It’s hard to explain, but being with you feels so right.
My favorite place in the world is wherever you are.
My heart has grown so much since I met you.
My heart soars whenever I saw you smiling at me.
My life began the moment you walked into it.
My life was miserable before I met you.
No matter how much I try, I can’t seem to get you out of my head.
None of the other girls can even compare to you.
Not only are you beautiful on the outside, you are beautiful on the inside too and that is why I love you.
Nothing in this world can ever change my love for you.
Now that I have you, my dream is to grow old with you and create many more memories together.
One look at you helps me forget about all of my problems.
Seeing you smile fills me with so much happiness.
Seeing you smile is the best part of my day.
Smart, kind, beautiful, and funny: you are the total package.
Sometimes, there are little unexpected moments where I fall in love with you all over again.
Thank you for loving me.
The day I met you was the day that my life really began.
The day we met was the best day of my life.
The moment I first saw your face, I fell in love.
The only thing that gets me through the day is the thought of being with you.
The story of you and me is my favorite love story.
The world is a much better place with you in it and my life is so much better since I met you.
There is a fire in my heart that burns only for you.
Thinking of you can brighten up the worst of my days.
Time stands still whenever I’m with you.
To me, you are the definition of happiness.
To me, you are the most beautiful girl in the world.
We are like milk and cookies, peanut butter and jelly, spaghetti and meatballs.
When I am with you I don’t feel weaker because of our love, I feel stronger because of it.
When I am with you, it is hard to believe that this isn’t all just a dream.
When I think about the future, I only see you in it.
When I wake up in the morning and see you lying next to me, I fall in love with you all over again.
When I’m with you, I feel like I’m in heaven.
When we are apart, I am always counting down the minutes until I can see you again.
When we say goodbye, I am already counting down the minutes until I can see you again.
When you go to sleep, I hope that you are dreaming of me.
When you kiss me, fireworks go off in my head.
When you kiss me, I never want the moment to end.
Whenever I am near you, my heart races with excitement.
Whenever I’m feeling sad or stressed out, you are the only person that can make me feel okay again.
Whenever my thoughts wander, they always find their way back to you.
With each passing day, I love you more and more than I did before.
With you on my side, I feel like I can do anything.
With you, I’ve been having the best days of my life.
Without you, I feel so lost.
You always known what to do to make me smile.
You are all I ever wanted and needed in this world.
You are just a dream come true.
You are lovelier than all of the stars in the sky.
You are more beautiful than a rose without thorns, the brightest star in the sky, and the sky when the sun shines brightly through the clouds.
You are more precious to me than all of the jewels on the world.
You are my forever and always.
You are my lucky charm.
You are my reason for living.
You are my sunshine.
You are such a bright light in my life that I barely remember what my life was like before you came along.
You are sweeter than a box of chocolates.
You are the best thing that has ever happened to me.
You are the best thing that has ever happened to me.
You are the last thought on my mind when I go to bed at night and the first thought in my head when I get up in the morning.
You are the most amazing person that I have ever known.
You are the only girl for me.
You are the only thing that I need for Christmas.
You aren’t just my sun, moon, and stars.
You deserve all of the happiness in the world, and I hope that I can give that to you.
You deserve all of the love of the world.
You have been the most wonderful adventure in my life.
You have touched my soul and made it feel complete.
You hold the key to my heart.
You inspire me to be the best version of myself.
You make it so easy for me to love you.
You make me feel like a little kid in a candy store.
You make me so happy just by being yourself.
You make me want to smile, dance, and sing out loud.
You motivate me to give you the good life and happiness that you deserve.
You understand me in a way that no one else does.
You’re the best girlfriend that a guy could ever hope for.
Your beautiful smile and laugh make me feel weak.
Your beauty takes my breath away.
Your kiss is magical.
Your kiss is my favorite birthday present.
Your lips taste as sweet as candy.
Your love gets me through the toughest of days.
Your love is the most valuable thing in my life.
Your love makes me feel like the luckiest person alive.
Your smile is the sun that shines through the clouds on a gloomy day.
Your smile not only lights up the room, it sets my heart on fire as well.
Your touch makes me feel weak in the knees.
Your very presence makes my world so much brighter.
Your warmth, beauty, and love never cease to amaze me.